Thank you very much Enu for that
introduction. Uh hi everybody. Uh we
have three minutes so there's a lot to
cover. I'll keep it short. I think this
is the next
button. Okay. So we call ourselves the
world's most boring AI company. Uh we're
focused very squarely on making BO from
a service to a product from a 30% a 30%
gross margin business into a 70% gross
margin business. We're focused on high
cost of error workflows. This is
healthcare, insurance, banking and uh
public sector. We think uh we're at a
structural change in future of knowledge
work where the last time this happened
was the internet where the price of
knowledge work went below the cost of
onshore labor. This gave rise to the BO
industry. It was a big emerging market
game which is which is usually the
supply of knowledge workers in India,
Philippines, elsewhere and the buyers
are in the US and the UAE is in between.
So we think it was very relevant for us
to be here. Um and then with AI what
we've seen and and and we're pricing
this way the price of knowledge work has
gone below the cost of offshore labor.
This is a structural advantage that
won't change. Uh the there's 1 billion
knowledge workers in the world that
represent 12 trillion of annual salary.
So so this is a major major change.
We've built um our large work model
which is a model that has been built and
trained in the UAE exported as Fahim
said to the US and uh we capture your
intention. There's three papers we've
issued. This is the first one and two
patents that we filed on the embeddings
of intention and then we generate with
GRAG based on our work knowledge graph a
workflow and then it's optimized for uh
your particular use case. uh a a a
university in Germany ran an analysis of
our model and it ended up outperforming
Anthropic OpenAI and Gemini. To be fair
to them, they're not built for
workflows, they're built for language.
The same way they predict the next
letter in a word, we predict the next
task in a workflow. Um and uh and
essentially on on the customer side, you
build your own workflow. before the time
to value to get a workflow built would
would cost you around $3 million and
around three months. We do it for a few
hundred dollars same day. And then for
the knowledge workers, we price labor by
output and not by time, which we think
is a major change in how labor is priced
for labor to be competitive in a post AI
world. Uh and a metric that we measure
is the productivity increase per human
per day. So this is the inverse of your
gross margin essentially. and we're
already at 7x. So this means that we
have full pricing power in in in the
industry and we're already around 80 84%
gross margins in the services industry
which has not been focused on by SAS
companies. Here's our investors. Uh
they're they're all value ad investors
that we're very excited to have on board
and our sales is done by Mckenzie.
That's it. Thank you very much for your
time and I'll pass it to Gabrielle from
Hexom.
