Welcome to the complete cursor guide
with Kihan Zang. He is the best
developer I've ever met and he's used
Cursor every single day since it came
out. In this video, he's going to give
us the most comprehensive course on how
to use Cursor on the entire internet.
And by the end of this course, you'll be
able to confidently use Cursor to vibe
Code landing pages, desktop apps, or
anything you can imagine. If you've been
looking for a comprehensive, easy to
follow, wellorganized, and practical
course that takes you from zero to hero,
this is the right cursor course for you.
You don't need any prior knowledge of
programming. All you need is a computer.
If you already have a foundation, the
whole video is timestamped, so you can
switch to any chapter that you want. And
in the second half of the video, we're
actually going to be covering the most
advanced features inside Cursor. We are
truly covering everything. And so if
you're new here, make sure to subscribe
as I upload new videos all the time
about vibe coding and building with AI.
This is going to be a very long video.
Let's dive in. Khan, welcome.
>> Hello. What are we talking about today?
Today we're going to be going through in
detail what cursor is, everything it can
do, and we're going to be building an
MVP, upgrading it into something that's
full stack and scalable and deployable,
and we're going to be comparing it with
other vibe coding tools. Amazing. So,
we're going to talk about why it's the
best tool out there. Um, and we're also
going to go over like all the features,
right? Like basically every single
feature within Cursor.
>> Yeah. We're going to be running through
all their new features. They just
dropped Cursor 2.0 with a ton of amazing
features. We're going to be going
through all of that. And we're also
going to go through Cursor 1. We're
going to use all of its features as
well.
>> And Composer.
>> And Composer, their new model. Yes.
We'll be talking about that today
>> and then we'll see how it stacks up
against, you know, Replet, Lovable,
Bolt, etc.
>> Yeah. And we're going to be starting
from the basics. We're going to be going
through things like, you know, what a
file is, what a directory is, all the
way up into building and deploying an
app.
>> Yeah. And we'll talk about databases.
We're going to get to that later today.
>> Oh, that's going to be covered once we
start scaling up our app. Yeah.
>> Hell yeah. Okay. Well, let's not waste
any time. Uh for those of you who are
watching right now, I will put the
sections and the timestamps on the
screen right here. You feel free to skip
ahead. If you are a seasoned developer,
you may want to skip to like cursor 2.0.
0 the the third section if you want, but
if you are brand new to coding, you do
not even need to know what a file is or
a variable.
>> You just need your computer. That's it.
>> You literally just need a computer. You
are going to be able to build an app by
the end of this video and not just an
basic app like an app with a database.
And we're going to talk about everything
in this video. So strap in. It's going
to be a fun one. All right. So tell me
what is cursor?
>> Thanks for asking. So, cursor is an IDE,
which is basically VS Code's cousin. If
that isn't making a lot of sense, an IDE
is an integrated development
environment. And Cursor is probably the
only real true IDE out of most vibe
coding tools. And that's kind of lays
the groundwork for why Cursor and VS
Code is the previous generation, the
most popular IDE.
>> And so, I guess shouldn't we go over the
reasons like why we should be using
cursor or like why use cursor over other
tools and such?
>> Yeah, of course. So, as I mentioned
before, cursor being an IDE gives you a
very solid foundation for kind of
beginning your journey as a vibe coder.
And this matters because you're not
necessarily writing code, but you should
know how all the fundamentals piece
together and give you the product that
you want. And having a more traditional
IDE framework kind of around this is
very beneficial. It's something that you
can grow into and cursor is an amazing
platform for you to just learn. So I
think the first part about it is that it
allows you to build a really solid
foundation for vibe coding in general.
You can grow into it and the ceiling for
it is very high. There's a lot of
technicalities that you can jump into
it. Real programmers actually use it. So
definitely one of the best tools to
build a strong foundation when you
begin.
>> Amazing. And yeah, I think I think a lot
of people sometimes start their project
on other vibe coding tools like replet
um v 0ero lovable and then they move to
cursor when they want to expand it when
in reality if you just actually take two
to three hours to learn cursor you can
just stay in cursor because switching
from one platform to another it's kind
of annoying and cursor has it legit has
everything you need that's how I view it
>> and you know it also works the other way
around if you know cursor you can switch
to you know replet lovable super easily.
So, the skill is very transferable, but
it isn't necessarily the other way
around because of the IDE nature that
cursor has.
>> It just has all of the tools that you
might need.
>> Yeah. It's like, you know, if you know
how to use Photoshop, obviously you know
how to use Canva, right?
>> Sure. Yeah.
>> 100%. What's the next reason?
>> Yeah. So, the next point is that it's
not a website. And this kind of bleeds
into what we were talking about. A lot
of the other competitors in the space
are web- based and that's actually more
limiting than you might think as in they
kind of only really optimize to allow
you to build websites and that's kind of
a very interesting caveat. Although
websites are the most common, you know,
form of software, Cursor actually allows
you to build basically whatever you want
because it's an application that lives
on your laptop, which means you could
use it to build mobile apps. You could
use it to build indie games. You could
use it to build landing pages, websites,
anything else that everyone else lets
you build. But it also gives you the
control to build anything else. Like you
could build your own embedded systems,
which means you could program your own
keyboard if you wanted to. Like it goes
like all it covers the full range of
what code can do.
>> Yeah. And the way that I the way that I
understand it, right, if you look at a
popular tool like Replet, Replet is a
website, right? As you said, it it is a
a website that you go to and the code is
stored on Replet's server, right? It is
on their servers. Whereas cursor, right,
with cursor, your code is on your
computer. Um, you can basically create
literally anything with cursor.
>> Yeah. Whatever exists as code, cursor
can help you with. That is something
unique only to cursor actually. And
obviously you can use VS Code and
actually learn how to code but this is a
V coding tutorial. Did you know that the
next generation spends about 90% of
their mobile internet time using mobile
apps, not websites? That's why you
should learn how to build mobile apps
without writing a single line of code.
Well, the most powerful tool in the
world to build mobile apps is the Vibe
Code app. And you can use it directly on
your phone and ship it to the app store.
No coding required. Just describe what
you want to build in plain English and
watch the Vibe Code app generate a fully
functional app in minutes. Vibe Code
even uses Claude Code as its default
model. Whether you want to build a
custom productivity app, a social
platform, a habit tracker, your idea
becomes a reality faster than you ever
thought possible. And you don't even
need a computer. You can test it
instantly on your phone and refine it
with simple prompts. And when you're
ready, you can literally send your app
to the App Store. Download Vibe Code
today and turn your app idea into
reality in minutes, not months. And
Riley briefly touched on this, but point
number three is that it is local. It's
an app that exists on your computer. And
this changes a lot of things. You know,
you don't need to ask Repid or lovable
for the code. It exists on your
computer. And similarly, you can drag
and drop files. You can interact it
with, you know, your desktop view. It's
definitely more in your control. and
everything just exists locally, which
makes developing and streamlining things
like down the line amazing.
>> Mhm. Yeah. They just don't baby you in
the same way that um tools that aren't
local do. But like again, that's why
we're taking this course. If you just
learn those few things, you don't need
to be babyed. You can create a GitHub
repo and and save your code and then you
can easily transfer it to any other uh
coding.
>> Exact. That's exactly why, you know, if
you learn cursor, you can learn anything
else and pick it up super easily. like
this is the Photoshop of you know code
writing
>> 100%.
>> Yeah. So number four obviously is that
cursor is the most established player in
the Vive coding space. They've been
around. I've been using it for like
years now and you can't really say that
about a lot of other Vive coding tools
and this means they have a large
community and I previously touched on
this before. A lot of engineers such as
myself actually use it to write code.
They're fully professional and it
exposes you to all the you know
extensions that you can get with VS
Code. the community that you find
general community that you find like
regarding any code snippets you can
technically take and apply to using with
cursor meanwhile you know if you're
stuck in like replet's ecosystem for
example you might have to ask some
replet specific questions and go through
their forums like I could just use
Google and I could take what I learned
from there and put it into like
>> and on top of this a lot of the
professional developers are using
extensions for cloud code for codeex and
Gemini CLI which are like known as being
the best coding models in the world and
will probably continue to be the best
coding models in the world. You can just
plug them into cursor.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Of course. And definitely
like the VS Code extensions that as I
mentioned earlier, cursor is kind of VS
Code's cousin. It can use all of the
benefits that you get from VS Code which
is absolutely huge. I don't want to
downplay this at all.
>> Amazing.
>> And so number five is obviously very
recently cursor released agent 2.0 I
know and it is a very big game changer
especially for vibe coders and I think
for people getting started especially it
takes a large chunk and kind of
inspiration from chat GPT's chatbased
interface and cursor has always had kind
of like a chatbased element to it but
this new UI kind of is built for people
to begin with and kind of get their feet
wet and start building immediately. So
it's they're taking a step into the
direction of babying you, but also still
exposing to you all of the like powerful
features behind it. And I think at this
point in time, Cursor 2.0 is actually
probably the most heavyweight like AI
like
>> coding agent
>> coding platform. Like it can use agents
multiple concurrently. That is, you
know, just so powerful.
>> 100%. You still have everything that we
just talked about like all of the power
of cursor but it has this nice little
layer on top that makes it almost feel a
little bit like chat GBT which is nice
which is with the VS code uh with the
extensions that we'll talk about later
they're going in the same direction
where it's clawed code but it no longer
looks messy it's nice and easy to use.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So it is kind of like you
know with code you get really down to
the low levels things get scary you're
looking at like squiggly lines and small
text you know VS Code does a great job
of oh V code and cursor do a great job
of packaging it in a friendly way and
cursor takes it one step further adding
a bunch of AI capabilities
>> amazing all right well I now know what
cursor is I know why I want to use it
well let's let's use it
>> yeah let's hop right in so this wouldn't
be a full in detailed guide without me
showing you guys the basics of how to
download cursor. So, I think you can
just go straight to cursor.com. And
here, you know, it automatically tells
me that I'm on Mac. I'll just download
for Mac OS.
>> You can also download it for Windows.
>> Yep. I am installing this right now live
for, you know, the sake of the video.
And I will be opening the cursor
download.
>> It's probably been a while since you've
downloaded Cursor.
>> Yeah. Well, as soon as I can. There we
go. So, now, you know, drag it into the
applications. And we should be able to
just open Cursor. There you go. Simple
as that. We now have cursor. This is
probably what your cursor will look
like. I've used VS Code, so it probably
pulled some things over, but this is uh
you know, if you download it for the
first time, you open it, this is
probably something what you look like. I
have some projects that I've been
working on. You might not, but that
should be the only difference.
>> This right here is kind of the biggest
difference between other vibe coding
tools and cursor. It's like cursor
doesn't have a text input field that
says, "What do you want to build?"
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Which makes it scary.
>> Yeah. I I think first of all they should
probably just add that but second of all
um yeah talk us through what these
things mean and like what it means to
create a project.
>> Yeah, of course. So to kind of break it
down a little bit further, a project is
basically just where the code lives and
the code lives obviously in a file and
the files live in a folder. And so think
about this as something very similar to
like navigating your finders, right?
Like you have desktops and then you can
have folders here, right? For example, I
can just open this folder right now in
cursor. I could call this, you know,
rename this as like uh let's see, cursor
video. And I can go ahead and open this
folder. And for this video sake, it will
serve as a project. So I can just go
straight into desktop, find cursor
video, and open it. And so this brings
you to project view. We're currently in
editor, which I like to call cursor 1.0
because this is cursor 2.0. But, you
know, this is what I meant by you get to
build the foundations really, really
solid from the bottom up.
>> I think I think it's important to note
notice how he created an empty folder,
right? He created an empty folder and
that's basically how most cursor
projects start if you don't if you start
from blank is it's an empty folder. And
you can tell because on the left side
there there's no files, right? We're in
a folder, which people call a directory
in coding language, I guess.
>> Yeah, folders and directory
interchangeable. Often times you'll hear
one or the other. uh they mean the same
thing and this is what I meant by like
this is by the books the same way as all
code projects are created. You make a
folder and you name it something and
you're like all right this folder is
going to have everything related to you
know this project.
>> Amazing. And so let's create a file.
>> Yeah, of course. There are three main
parts of cursor editor. On the left you
have where your folder kind of is broken
down into files if you have any files.
This is the middle where normally it'll
show you what's in the file. This is the
right which is where the AI kind of gets
to work. So, you know, there's two ways
to make a file. I can just go ahead, you
know, click new file. This actually will
tell you to make a new file. And I can
make this example. py. And so, you'll
notice immediately that most the files
contain a dot and then a following
section. And that normally labels what
type of file this is. So, py stands for
python file. If I click enter, it's
literally an empty file. Similarly, you
can do things like text.txt. txt
obviously stands for text extension. And
to jump a little bit into the AI, I can
tell it write me a poem and put it into
poem.mmarkdown.
And MD stands for markdown, which is
just, you know, a different way to
render text.
>> And if he had already created an empty
poem.md file, it would have added it to
the existing one. But since he hadn't
added it, it created a new file you see
on the left called poem. MD.
>> Yeah. And so that's one of the amazing
parts of cursor. It can go ahead and
create things for you and edit things.
So if I said like write me a shorter one
in text.txt, right? It will go ahead and
put a shorter poem into the file that
I've already created. So now it just
wrote me like a fourline poem. Perfect.
You know about coding. Makes sense. And
so this we kind of just wanted to give
you guys a view of what files are. Very
basic. You can put text in files. You
could put files in folders.
>> Amazing. What did you use over there on
the right actually?
>> Yeah. So this is their AI feature. It's
their agent. And so the agent in
technical terms kind of just means it's
the same thing as AI, but they built a
few things on top of AI to make it work
a little bit better as you would want it
to. So, you know, if you ask chat GPT,
make me a file, it's going to be like, I
can't really do that. But the agent is
given tools that allow it to create
files, edit files, and do all the things
that we really need it to do to write
code. And so I just showed a few
capabilities like creating a new file,
editing a file, and it kind of elevates
what AI can do. And so this elevated AI
we call agents. I could actually demo it
writing code right now. So we've only
just told it to wrote a few like poems
and some text. I could say, make me a
simple game in example. py where I guess
the number. And so this will probably
take it like five seconds. It's a really
short game where you're just, you know,
guessing the number, but it is it I just
want to highlight that it exists as
code. It's really simple and we'll be
working up from here, but now we have a
file. You might not exactly know what to
do with the file. So, the best part
about cursor is if you truly have a
growth mindset and you're trying to
learn how this works, I can just ask it,
how do I play the game? And it will tell
me. And so, we've been kind of skimming
over what is going on. Basically, you
know, it'll also reply to you. It said
like, I created a poem. I've been
skipping over that because it just tells
you what I It just kind of echoes back
what I asked it to do. But now it'll be
saying things like, "Okay, I'll run a
game from your terminal." This is
interesting. It's currently running the
game. And so this is interesting because
play in your terminal. It'll tell you
play in your terminal, open a terminal,
navigate to your project directory, and
run the game. So now it's giving me
instructions to use this file of code
that it just wrote for me. And so a
terminal is basically a way for you to
interact with your computer. And to
interact with a computer, it can execute
code and there's no, you know, play
button that allows you to just run this
file, which is why it is a little less
friendly than like replet or like uh
other tools, but we can learn it with
strong fundamentals on how to start from
scratch. Open your terminal. If you
don't know, there's a terminal thing up
here. You can do a terminal. There's
also a shortcut for it. Pretty nice. But
it tells me to hop in here. I'm already
in here, but we'll copy it anyways just
to show you that this AI is not lying.
And so I would just be running this.
>> So and by running this you're copying
that little string and pressing enter in
the terminal.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. And that's what it means to run.
Yeah. That's what it means to run is you
take the string. You can type things
into this terminal, right? And this
terminal here is identical to the
terminal that you you may have seen on
your computer if you were to just type
in spotlight terminal. Yeah. Open up a
terminal. For those of you who are
completely untechical, you know, two
years ago, the terminal was scary. If I
was ever reading instructions for
anything and it said to open your
terminal, I'm like, I'm out. I I'll pay
money to not have to do this.
>> Yeah.
>> But after, you know, learning how to use
cursor. It's actually kind of fun to
open the terminal.
>> Yeah. You know, you feel like a hacker.
You feel like, you know, you know what
coding is, this is where strong
fundamentals truly kick in.
>> But the important thing is that is
identical to the terminal that you
opened up, right? Like it is. Yeah, it's
the same exact thing.
>> And I, you know, thanks for slowing me
down. I was going a little fast. Uh, I
can actually break this down a little
more. This tells you to navigate to the
project directory. I basically paste it
in and I click enter. And now it'll tell
me, you know, in the beginning it will
show you what directory you're in. So
this means I'm in the home. This means
I'm in the cursor video folder which you
saw me create actually. And this is how
I run the game. It says run the game.
And I'll just copy this. I'll paste it
in. And once again, as you can see,
these two are the exact same. And we can
play a number game.
>> And so now we're playing a game within
the terminal.
>> Yeah. all within like you know 3 minutes
right
>> so obviously this game only I can
interact with text but that's why it
took so little time to like
>> guess guess a number
>> yeah you know like uh 67 too low okay we
can do some quick maths 80 too low okay
90 95 92 93 94 okay perfect so yeah that
was kind of like it does work it did
like tell me that I got it right and the
temps do increment up so you know pretty
simple little program. This is the first
thing that you can create. Not as useful
as some things that we will be building
later today, but great way to get
started and introduced a lot of things
like the terminal files, different types
of files and now we know where code
lives. So really great start to setting
a strong foundation.
>> 100%. That was super super interesting.
What do we want to hop to next? So yeah,
now that we have a very basic from the
bottom up, I'd like to also show you
guys a little bit more of a repo that I
actually was working in really recently.
And so I can go ahead and create a new
window. I can show you that this was a
project I was working on. And this is
what kind of like a project would look
like after it exists. And it looks a
little scary, but that's why I kind of
want to take the time to break it down
for you guys. As you can see here, this
is the main folder. It's glass AI chat.
Check out the last video. me and Riley
made. It gets pretty big. And all of
these are folders within a folder. So
these are folders and they have more
files in them. And these are folders
that can have folders inside of them.
And so these directories, they make a
really big nested thing. And you'll
notice that there are a lot of different
types of files, right? You know, we got
the config.js, we got thets, the CSS.
And all of these once again just mean
that you know the different coding
languages. So what exists in here is
JavaScript. In the previous example, we
were using Python. You can really
quickly tell by the ending extension and
also VS Code will go ahead and give you
a little icon to make it even easier.
And I did want to highlight a little bit
about how like common patterns you might
see when you explore larger repos,
especially since we're going to be
telling AI to write these things and
it'll probably look something similar to
this later in the video. And so you're
going to see something like backend
assets source source. I just wanted to
briefly touch on a little bit of coding
principles where normally there is a
front end and front end is in this case
source and it will contain components
and it'll be the things that you kind of
see. So if we look at cursor itself
everything that you can see and click on
it's a component. This is the front end.
It's the thing that you view and
interact with. And then the back end is
basically everything that you don't
necessarily see. So for example
obviously cursor has a bunch of data I
can use AI. These are all features. This
is just what it looks like. I can say hi
and it's saying hi back to me is using
the back end. And all that code belongs
in its own folder. And so that's kind of
the breakdown of larger folders and
directory structures. I just wanted to
really quickly talk about that a little
before we dive in deeper. So it's not
too scary once we start progressing
because we do progress really quickly
with cursor.
>> Yes. And we're going to build a really
cool app in the next section. And as
you'll see, we're going to do we're
going to be using AI to write all the
code. So, as you said, it moves fast,
but um stay patient. It'll all make
sense, especially as we get closer to
actually building and using the app that
we create.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, I guess next we'll go
ahead and do something that a lot of
people love to use AI for. We're going
to go ahead and make a little quick
landing page. And I want to resume right
where we dropped off. I was showing you
guys this. We're going to go to cursor
2.0, which is agents. But currently,
this is working on the project that I
was just, you know, showcasing. So, I
don't want that. if you want to open a
new one. New window. I'm trying to find
new window. Oh, right here. So, this
kind of brings you back to the original
landing page that we were on. And I can
go ahead and Well, I'll put it in the
cursor video. Yeah. So, in here, I'll go
ahead and delete these files. So, so now
I want to show you guys we're in a empty
folder now. And up here on the top left
is kind of how you switch between cursor
1.0 and cursor 2 aka editor and agents.
We're going to be using cursor 2.0. And
you know, this is the old chat. I was
asking it to write a poem. I'm going to
create a new chat. And I'm going to go
ahead and say, do some research on the
company vibe code and create me a
landing page. Run this landing page
locally when you are done. So, I'm going
to go ahead. Oh, I want to introduce
these features. Composer 1 is a model
that cursor themselves have released.
And here I can pick which model I want
to use. I will go ahead and use sonnet
4.5. I like it the best and we'll
explain and break down all of these
little, you know, widgets and things in
this chat. But actually, this is what I
meant by like cursor is taking a step
towards being a lot more beginner
friendly. This is basically, you know,
asking it to build something that you
want. So, we're going to go ahead and
ask it to build this. So, let's talk
about this for a second. So, you just
entered a prompt. You said, "Do some
research on the company vibe code,"
which implies that it's going to do
research, which is pretty cool. So the
web agent has the power to use tools.
One of those tools is searching the the
internet. And if you give it a hard
question and you tell it to search the
internet for a while, it'll search like
10 pages sometimes or it can read an
entire documentation page. And you can
see here it's done research. Now it is
generating the code.
>> Yep.
>> And then it's going to run it locally.
You want to double tap on that a little
bit. Running it locally. What does that
fully mean?
>> Oh yeah, running it locally. Of course.
Thanks. Thanks for reminding me. So, as
I mentioned before, cursor is great
because it is local. All these files
exist on my local computer. I can after
this pull it up in Finder. And running
it in local basically means that I'm
going to execute these files on my
computer. And what this means, if you
guys want to get a little more technical
is that most of the websites that you
visit are files just like the ones being
written right now run on a server. And
the there's no difference between a
server and a computer. They're the same
thing. So somewhere out in South
California or or North California or you
know the East Coast, there's a bunch of
computers running a bunch of code and I
obviously don't like need to rent a
computer. I'm going to just run it on
mine. So that's what I mean by like I'm
going to run this locally.
>> And it speeds up development process by
a lot
>> and it's super easy to use because it'll
give you a little address that you paste
into your web browser like you know if
you use Google Chrome it'll work and
it'll just open it up right there.
>> Yeah.
>> Which is nice. So, it's writing some
code. I've built a beautiful modern
landing page. And so, now it's running
the command to run it locally. Let me
run it locally for you. Excellent. What
I've created. So, running it locally.
Once again, we haven't been doing a good
job of reading it. It gives you a
rundown on what it's created and it
tells you that it is now running
locally, which means my computer has it
and I can access it here.
>> So, you copy that address, go to your
browser.
>> So, let's see. I can go and paste in the
address that cursor gave me.
>> Sometimes that happens. You know, I have
a good idea why, but let's let's learn
and ask it. This doesn't show anything.
>> This is great.
>> Help.
>> This is great. And this is one of the
one of the pros to using some of those
other tools is like it kind of just
naturally does this. But again, this
this is something that happens every
once in a while and you just ask it why
it's the case and then it will likely
just fix it. I think the best part is
actually to highlight that a lot of the
other tools will naturally make it work
for you, but when it doesn't work, you
have no community support. Asking the
website or the tool itself is going to
lead to varying results because
something broke and you don't have as
much control of it and it also doesn't
have as much control in the system
because it's not your system, it's the
company's system or whatever product
you're using system. So now that
everything's kind of in my hand, I can
truly just ask it like why and it can
tell me and I can take why and make it
work, which isn't necessarily true for a
lot of other tools, but it'll ask you
permission every once in a while to run
some things. And I see it's trying to
run the server right now on my computer
so that I can see it. It's just verified
that the web page is running. And it
once again tells me to access it at
localhost 8000. So, oh, right here.
Perfect.
>> Amazing. And so, ooh, that nice little
like fade when you scroll.
>> Good animation. Yeah, honestly, very
cool. We like to joke that this is AI's
favorite colors theme. Like blue,
purple, like Yeah, everywhere AI makes
it. We'll actually get into this later.
We'll make a rule that says don't use
this color. I do want to point out that
it did like scroll up for a sec. Like we
just released pinch to build um which is
the new feature of the vibe code app.
And so, uh, it found that on the
internet and then included it in the
landing page. So, it makes it super easy
to create quick landing pages. Um, which
is really great.
>> Yeah, you know, I'm I'm reading these
and everything is real. So, it did pull
a lot of useful things from the internet
and it did write us code for a landing
page. Obviously, we can continue
iterating and we can deploy it later
too, but just wanted to show that, you
know, we've unlocked the box that we can
t talk to and be like, ask it to build
things. So, this was a little bit of a
sneak peek into what cursor can do, some
of the basics. We're going to go and
dive in a little bit deeper, uh, and go
and actually build an MVP of a product
that is a little more complicated than a
landing page, and we're going to
continue iterating it as I show you guys
the full feature set of Cursor 2.0. So,
I guess to reiterate, to reiterate here,
we we've talked about what Cursor is.
Then, we went over all the basics,
right? We talked about all of the things
that you need to get started. We
downloaded it. Now, we're going to build
something that you can actually put on
the internet that is an app that has
utility that you can use either for
entertainment or for work, etc. Is that
right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Basically, the, you know,
landing page, I feel like it's a it's
been beaten a lot of times already. You
know, a lot of people claim that they do
it, you know, it's a it's kind of
boring. Let's build something that's,
you know, fun and useful.
>> I like it.
>> A little more complicated as well.
>> I love it. And then we're going to learn
in this process, we're going to learn
cursor 2.0, which are their like brand
new features. Yeah, amazing. So, back
here, I am going to go ahead and switch
back to the editor because I want to see
what is in the directory. These are the
files that it just wrote me. Once again,
I'm going to just clean up all these
things because I want to use this to
create a meme generator. That's what I'm
going to be working on. So, you know,
these chats closed. I don't, you know,
we're not writing poems or making a
landing page. We're going to make a meme
generator. So, first thing I want to
talk about, there are three modes. You
can actually use shift tab to switch
through them. pretty nice. All of them
are very useful. In the previous
example, I was asking it questions. If I
purely wanted it to answer and not run
the code for me and edit files, I can
use ask mode kind of for that's what I
mean by like it is a great product for
you to learn and upskill alongside of
it. Agent obviously is what we were
using. It has full control over all the
tools. It can write things. It can edit
things. It can you know run the server
on your computer.
>> But if you also ask it, if you say like
don't write any code, just tell me blah
blah blah. It'll still just answer you
and it won't actually create any code.
>> Yeah. And then plan mode also we we can
use this now actually. So we'll go ahead
and try composer 1.0 cursor's new model.
And we're going to say I want to create
a meme generator. Can you make me one? I
want there to be able to select an image
as a template and put text onto the
image. Afterwards, I should be able to
download the meme. Uh, allow users to
resize the text and the text should be
white with a black border. Pretty basic.
Clicking enter and it's going to plan.
This means it will not actually write
any code or create any files for me. And
one key thing about plan is that it will
ask you a lot of questions. So, that's
actually really good because I did skip
over a lot of these things such as
technology preference, text positioning,
and additional features. If I had no
idea what this meant, I could ask it.
Please break down options for question
one. And so, it'll go ahead and tell me.
And I could have used ask mode as well.
I think basically the point is you can
ask it questions and it will answer it
really well. So, it's recommend. It
gives me like a little bit of details
about React and Vite or Vite and vanilla
and Vue and other. It's recommending
that I use React or vanilla JavaScript.
I'm just going to say go with vanilla.
And I'm going to answer the additional
questions. Unlimited text boxes. I want
unlimited text boxes. So question two is
B. And additional features. Question
three is A and B. So perfect. It did
catch a few things that I forgot to
specify, which is really good. I
definitely winged this prompt. You might
want to do some prompt engineering, but
if you're too lazy to do that, go ahead
and try the plant mode. So perfect. Now,
I've kind of filled in all the blanks
for it, and it'll generate me a plan.
And this plan exists as a markdown file,
which we kind of briefly mentioned
earlier. It's a better way to cleanly
display text. And it actually exists as
a file. So, oh, maybe not.
>> I don't think it's added it yet. Maybe
it just created it. Or you have to hit
build.
>> Yeah. Well, it has a temporary file.
This is a file that kind of walks you
through its plan to create a meme
generator. And so it'll tell you things
like single page web application. And
this is great to kind of jam with
cursor. So I can go to ask and continue
asking questions about the plan being
like, oh, like tell me about like what
script.js is for and it'll answer my
questions.
>> Amazing.
>> Yeah. And so obviously you can go as
detailed as you want, ping pong back and
forth. And uh basically when you're
ready and you're happy with the plan and
you kind of understand what's going on,
you can go ahead and click build and it
will go ahead and start printing code.
And so one thing I really like about
Composer 1 is that it is insanely fast.
It is a lot more fast. [laughter]
>> It is so much faster than Sonnet 4.5 and
GPT's models. And that's one of the main
reasons to use it. I do think, you know,
on their internal benchmarks, it
outperforms them. I think there's a lot
of jokes being made about internal
benchmarks not meaning anything. So for
the more heavy lifting, I actually still
prefer using Sonnet 4.5 as my go-to. But
you know, for example like this done
already. Amazing. So we'll go ahead. If
you click on these three, like click on
this thing, you can kind of see the
files. Uh if you want to read over some
code and like get a grip of like what is
going on. Similarly, we can kind of see
that these three files now do exist in
the directory. And I'm going just go up
to trust cursor and keep all. So, one
thing I actually didn't realize that
plan MD file that wasn't in the
codebase. They created that as like a
little temporary file that the agent has
access to kind of.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Oh, okay. Very interesting.
>> Yeah,
>> that's pretty cool.
>> Yeah, this plan is fed into context when
you click build and it will operate with
this plan in mind. Also, another nice
tip and trick, you can actually edit
these things and it will be fed into the
agent. So, I could say like function to
redraw the entire canvas. Honestly, I
should have read the plan a little bit
more cuz I have no idea what this is.
But I could have said like, you know, I
want text to be I want the default I
want default color to be blue and it
will actually build it when I click
build. So, I forgot to mention that and
showcase that, but that is a really nice
feature that allows you to kind of both
view the text in a nicely displayed way,
but also modify it and feed it real
time. So, you know, while you're asking
questions about the plan, you can, you
know, find out that you don't like you
want to change something about the plan.
And it is really annoying sometimes to
regenerate the plan over and over again
cuz the AI has to spit the whole plan
out again. But you can just edit it in
line here. So, that's a really nice
feature by cursor. Continuing on though,
apparently we have a meme generator. I
really want to play with it. So, I'm
going just go and ask it, can you run
this locally for me? Going to close the
plan now. And these are the files. The
same way that you ran the landing page,
you now want this meme generator that
you created and planned with AI. You
want this to run on your computer.
>> Yes, exactly. And you know, it's asking
for permissions again. If this gets
annoying, you can go ahead and allow.
This way, next time it won't ask again.
So, that'll be good for when we continue
working and asking it to run things
locally. But now, great. We have a meme
generator.
>> And look at what color it is again.
>> Oh, it's AI's favorite color. Now, I
actually did go ahead and uh collect
some memes while I was running through
this. So, meme run through. There are
some memes and public. No, wait. What?
Where am I? Yes, there we go. Uh, sure.
Great. Text. Oh, what? Enter text here.
Uh, WD. Add text. Okay. WD or arrow
keys. Amazing. So, we have our first
meme generator. Let's see. Oh, both the
text I see we found an error. WD was
rewritten. Oh, what? Hm. That was weird.
I'm not sure if I did something wrong or
the code is broken. Either way, let's
see if I can download it. Oh, well,
let's see. We do have the meme now.
>> You can download it. Um, and and it's
good. So, this is a fun thing. Like, he
created a project on cursor. He ran it
locally and now he's testing it locally.
And like while you're using it, you
should just keep track of the things you
want to change about it. Right? The
first thing that I notice is you notice
that the contrast is not very good. Like
it's white on that white background. We
should definitely be able to change the
color of the text. You know, that's one
thing that I would like to fix.
>> Yeah.
>> Along with the background.
>> For sure. For sure. The background is
heinous. Absolutely. So sick of this
color. As I agree with Riley, the
bordering on the, you know, white text
is not very well. Normally on the memes
that you read, they got the thick black
border. So whatever background it's on,
you can either see the white or you can
see the black. That will be something I
asked cursor. And now that we're back to
editing it, we can actually do that. But
before that, I want to showcase a few
things. The first being there's like if
you click control shiftp, you can create
a new cursor rule. For this example, I'm
going to say styling and I'm going to
say this is going to open it. This does
exist as a file. I can show you guys how
to find it. And there are multiple ways
to make rules. This is just what I'm
most comfortable with. I'll show you
guys other ways right after this. But
there's a few options. I can apply it
intelligently, apply it to specific
files and manually apply it. I'm going
to keep this one as auto apply. Do not
use purple/blue
gradient or colors as like the primary
color. I'm just going to keep that
there. And next time I run a command, I
don't need to mention it, but it should
take this piece of feedback or this rule
and apply it. So that's really cool to
show you guys how I can add rules or see
rules later. There's a section here.
Let's just make this a little bigger.
Rules, memories, and commands. Here you
can see that uh oops project rules
always applied styling.mmp. This is
exactly what we just made. We can
similarly make rules right here as well
like add another rule. And there's two
sets of rules. User rules means they
follow you regardless of what project
you're in. you know, all the folders,
whatever folder you're in, that rule
exists. Project rules means, you know,
while I'm inside of this cursor video
folder, these rules will be applied. So,
I can actually create another rule.
Let's just say something like emoji ban,
right? Like AI also loves adding emojis
everywhere. Never add emojis anywhere,
including in your text response unless
explicitly
requested.
>> I like it.
>> Yeah. So great, you know, two ways to
add rules and you can obviously always
see them here. For those who are a
little bit more technical and like to
truly get a grip of like all the rules
and stuff cuz you can actually do a lot
with rules. You can put them within
folders within folders. So you can put
them in subdirectories. If you do in
your terminal ls- a you can see that
there is now a new folder called cursor.
If you go and so ls.all means show me
everything in this folder. And so this
is the same folder as this. As you can
see, you will be seeing the same things
as let me do some space management here.
You'll be seeing the same things as like
script.js styles.css and index.html and
also this cursor with the rules. So
these are the rules that I just
specified. It only applies for this
project. What I was saying is that if I
create a new folder, I'm just going to
name this assets because I will be
putting more meme templates in here. I
can actually similarly have something
inside of the assets folder and
basically these rules will apply only
within this folder. So that's a little
cool. You can start nesting rules. This
once again uh goes back to you know if I
had different folders for front end and
backend and I wanted to have different
rules. It allows for that. So it's
really good. Cursor rules definitely use
them when you can. But I'm just going to
restore them to its original rule
settings. So, cursor rules, we have the
emoji ban and the styling that bans the
purple blue gradient thing. So, that was
a little bit of a rundown on rules. Now,
back to making it better. If I just say
anything right now, it'll probably
redesign it to get rid of the purple
colors. And let's see what what what
problems do we have? Oh, we wanted the
border to be thicker, right?
>> Um
>> for the text.
>> Border to be thicker. And then also
change the color of the text. I think
would be cool.
>> Okay. Gotcha. Please allow users to
change the color of the text.
>> I think that would just solve the
problem in full. Um cuz I could have
made it black.
>> I would like to or we can do both. Also
make the black border thicker cuz I
think the normal the standard meme is
like white text with black borders. So
I'm trying to recreate something similar
to that. So let's see. It's uh here. And
do I need to refresh this? Yes. As you
can see here, now we do have text color.
So I do think the change went through.
It is still using that color. So let me
see if that rule is applied properly.
Let's see. Rules D styling. Do not use
primary gradients or colors.
>> I think since it's already created it,
if this exists,
>> this exists already.
>> Please fix it.
>> Fix it wherever you find it.
>> Personally, I don't think this is how I
would use rules. I wouldn't make rules
on like proactively going back. I would
just create this rule. I would just tell
the agent right now to fix it now and
then yeah, then in the future it won't
happen again. You know,
>> I think I think a good part is probably
a better example would probably be if I
said redesign the app. This will refer
to the rule and never like use it.
Similarly, you can also see down here
active rules and the context used. And
the context used is actually really
important. you probably want to stay,
you know, as low as possible, which is
why a lot of people recommend you
whenever you move to a different task,
start a new chat. I'm going to go and
create a new chat because redesigning it
is kind of a different feature. So, if I
tell it now to redesign the app, I'm
pretty confident that it will not use no
purple and no blue. So, if I just say
redesign the app, it will go ahead and
start spitting out new code. And we can
see here that, yep, active rules, emoji
ban, and styling. So, I expect to see no
emojis and I expect to see something
that is not blue or purple. [laughter]
>> Hopefully, they don't choose like green
and red or something.
>> Oh, goodness. Yeah.
>> What's their second favorite? I know
their favorite color is like a purple
blue gradient. I don't know what their
second favorite color is.
>> I don't know. But, you know, normally we
just kind of give it direction for what
we want. Cool. So, it just told me that
it's done. I am going to accept the
changes and let's check it out. Oh.
>> Oh, it's nice. It's nice orange. I like
it. This is very much um kind of almost
like teenage engineering. If they if
they didn't have like rounded edges, it
would kind of look like teenage
engineering a little bit.
>> I see it. Yeah,
>> it's kind of a vibe.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And before I forget, I did
promise to continue going through all of
these features.
>> Let's do it.
>> This I wanted to showcase. The new
cursor 2.0 allows you to open a browser
inside of cursor itself. So if I click
this, I just want a browser tab. Boom.
Now I can actually just view this
localhost meme generator directly in
cursor.
>> And now this is starting to look a lot
like the other VIP coding tools where
it's all self-contained within cursor.
>> Yeah. And it has the same benefits as if
I had any errors on the website. I could
go ahead and, you know, reference to it
here in the chat. Since we haven't had
any errors yet, we'll just go along and
continue. These are, you know, similar
features that you see across the board
of a lot of vibe coding tools. We have
like select element kind of like
lovable. I can say like oh like I want
you to change this or that. And this is
the terminal. This is a terminal for the
website that's being run. So logs will
come out. Pretty cool features. This
came with cursor 2.0. I really like it.
Um I do think it streamlines a lot of
things. But let's see. Let's just play
with it. So that's another thing because
we are starting from the fundamentals.
This is the folder structure. I've
created this asset folder. We can
directly just use Finder and put the
photos that I had directly drag and drop
into the assets folder here.
>> Yeah, because it's not just markdown or
text files or JavaScript. You can also
literally put MP3s, MP4s, you can put
any type of file in your codebase
because remember this is just a folder
on your computer that all of this is in.
>> Um, and so now we're going to load it up
with some good memes.
>> So yeah, these are like some memes that
I compiled before the video, you know,
quick uh seven memes. I'm going to go
ahead and drag and drop them straight
into the assets folder. Now, we can
cursor you can also open photos, uh,
sorry, photos. So, you can see the
collection of images that I have, but
yeah, I'm going to add these as base
templates for the meme generator next.
So, you know, that's great. I'm going to
close this chat to give myself some more
space. So, this is the website we're
working on. Oh, yeah. This is the
website I'm working on. This is the
agent that I can talk to. And we have
our rules. Let's see. Let's actually go
ahead and edit a rule. So, I'm going to
go ahead just to show you guys rules in
practice. I want I want a clean
minimalist design. We'll see what it
does with that because we will be adding
more features and I don't want to spend
too much time like
>> messing with the design.
>> Messing with the design. So, I'm going
to go ahead as promised and say now that
we can see we have an assets subfolder
and it has a bunch of f photos that I
want to use as templates. So, I added uh
create a new chat for this cuz this is a
new feature. So, oh, this is a new chat.
Okay. I added a folder named assets and
it has some photos that I would like to
use as templates for memes. I would also
like to still have the ability to upload
my own image though. So, basically, I'm
just asking for a feature request. gonna
go ahead and send it and it will start
making changes.
>> Amazing.
>> So yeah, let's see.
>> Dude, it is really fast. This composer
one
>> composer is really fast. All right,
cursor just added the feature. Let's
accept these changes and then uh Oh,
give me the browser back. Where did it
go? Great. Now I can upload an image.
Okay, where's my Oh, here it is. All
right, templates. So, I just clicked the
refresh button. When files are uploaded,
sometimes they lag a little before being
rendered. Clicking refresh. Now I can go
ahead and make a meme. Add text. Let's
see. I use cursor. Add text. I use
cursor. Add text.
>> I think it it when you pressed enter the
text left.
>> Oh, wait. What?
>> I use cursor. I use cursor. I use
lovable claw codeex
and v 0ero. Okay. Well, okay. there was
something wrong. So there there there
are a few things broken, you know, with
the meme that I'm trying to make. So
obviously it replaced this text with
something else and uh it's not like
spacing it properly. So we can ask it to
fix these features. Now this is good.
This is good when you if you're if
you're not running into any errors,
you're not making something uh fun
enough. And so all you need to do is
literally express to the agent what went
wrong and it should fix it. And I think
actually I want to do showcase this as a
new like one of cursor's new features.
If I say like I use cloud code cur
codeex uh v 0 and replet and I add this
to canvas and it's just overflowing
here. I'm pretty sure I can just tell
the composer to go and look at the
website and make spacing like adjust
automatically. So look at the browser.
So this is the at feature. It allows you
to specifically point to things to look
at. So it's basically the same thing. Oh
man. So I just installed cursor so I
don't even have Chrome right now. So let
me go and use Chrome. Okay. For the
video, we'll probably
>> I like it. Okay. So in order to use the
browser, right, it sounds like you
actually have to use Google Chrome for
the browser.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So in order to use the browser and
cursor, you need you need to use Chrome.
We are just now finding that out and
that's okay.
>> Yeah. So, what I was saying is like look
at the browser is basically the same as
typing app browser. So, no, I think I
need to restart my cursor. So, just so
we're back. I just installed Google
Chrome, but I was going to say look at
the browser is basically the same as
saying at browser. Oops, not branch. At
browser, look at the overflowing
text example. I want to be able to split
lines. Great.
>> So, yep. Let's see if it will fix this.
And so, this is it's going to go look.
Uh oh. Check the browser and it captured
a screenshot. Yep. Yep. So, oops. Sorry.
Yeah, it is looking at it. The text
rendered in a single line causing
overflow. Yep. It found that out. Adding
support for multi text line. Great.
Cool. So,
>> so you can literally tell the agent that
builds your code to go look at the
browser as you use it, which is
something that like a year ago, which
like was not possible at all or even
like three months ago.
>> Wow. It's done with the change already.
I do have to say though that when you
use this feature, it eats a lot of
context. So, I mean, I literally asked
it to do one thing and it's 20% 25%
done. Just keep that in mind when you
are using this feature. I don't actually
prefer to use ad browser for that really
reason, but I just wanted to showcase
that this is something you can do. So,
let's accept these changes or close the
browser too. Anyways, I like this
browser anyways. So, let's check this
out. Trying to make my same meme again.
Um text. Oh, so now lets me do new line.
I use claude codeex
new line lovable replet and bold add
text. Oh, amazing. Now it fits.
>> There we go. That's cool. Yeah, I can
actually finally finish this meme. Oh,
maybe let's see. Um, I use cursor. Nope,
it replaced this text again. So, that's
interesting. We're going to go and tell
it that issue specifically. So, I feel
like this issue is a little more
complicated. There must be something
wrong with the code uh on a fundamental
level. So I think it's a great
opportunity to showcase another feature
that is if I go and create this agent
and oh yeah so cursor 2 lets you run
multiple agents concurrently but it
requires a git repository. So a git
repository if you don't know is
basically how coders version control
their code. If you don't know what it is
it's not that complicated because you
can ask cursor how it works. This is I
can say like I want to set up git for
this project. it will go ahead and do it
for me. Um, if you don't know what it
is, I'll probably ask it to tell me a
little bit more about Git. You do need
to download a few things, but I already
have it downloaded. If you want a
separate video on how to get started
with Git, I'd be happy to make one with
you, Riley.
>> Let's do it. Um, basically, he's setting
up a way to save your code in
checkpoints. That's kind of how I, as a
Vive coder, I think about it. It might
not be technically, but like it's just
like basically you're creating little
saves of your project. So if you were to
completely torch your project,
especially as it gets more complex, you
can always go back to a checkpoint.
>> Yeah. No, no, you're absolutely right.
It basically is just checkpointing and
it's telling me that it's initialized my
git repository for me. So now, you know,
if I go to a new chat, I should be able
to run multiple concurrent agents. So
yeah, just a warning, you do need, you
know, cursors max plan to have this
feature available. I didn't know that so
I had to upgrade yesterday. But I can go
ahead and now select multiple agents. So
I can say I want set GPT and composer to
give this a try. Perfect. When I add the
second text to a meme, it overwrites the
first text. Please make sure this does
not happen. I want to be able to have
different text on the image. So yeah,
now as you can see this view, there are
three agents thinking concurrently how
to solve this problem.
>> That is actually insane.
>> Yeah.
>> And you can see that they they
conveniently made it so composer one is
going to get done so much faster than
the other two.
>> Yeah. That's probably why they were
optimizing speed so much. Yep. Composers
one's done already. It's telling me,
let's see, here's what I've changed.
After adding the text box, it's
immediately deselected. Okay, that makes
sense. So, it's it's telling me the
issue is that when I was editing the
text, it still had it selecting, you
know, it was still selected. So, that's
that's a you know, I could believe that.
Let's try this solution. We're going to
go and try to say like I like cursor at
the canvas. I like code. Nope, it still
replaced it. So, this solution failed.
Good thing we have two more running.
[laughter]
>> Wait. So, okay. Talk to slow down there
for a Go back to that what composer one
no the the composer one view when you
said okay let's try that one what you
were you were trying the version that
composer one tried to fix how would I
then switch like once sonnet 4.5 is done
which wow it's taking a lot longer than
composer 1 how would I switch to the
version that it does interesting they're
not doing anything but planning um but
yes to answer your question how to do
switches you can undo apply but
basically when all of them are done,
they'll, you know, prompt your fe.
>> Oh, you just select which ones you want
to apply.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> It'll give you a warning like, oh,
you're going to overwrite the other
agents work. No, you know, normally
that's fine cuz I'm doing one feature at
a time. That's another benefit of having
new chats often. If I was like
continually prompting with multiple
agents, that would get really messy. But
that's why every time you can start a
new chat.
>> Okay. So, this one's still thinking. All
right. Or exploring. Oh,
>> okay.
>> Okay. So, now it's writing code.
>> It's found the issue. It's writing code.
Let's see. What are you doing? Get to
work.
All right. Let's see. Codeex. So, I
don't know. This might be an issue on
cursors. And this feature did just come
out like I don't know this week. It does
seem like Codeex is kind of stalling.
Uh, this one it looks like it is the
same update on deselecting after adding
a new text field. This is what Riley was
saying, but like how do you switch from
each agents? I just apply all here. It's
going to ask me, oh, local, do you want
to overwrite it?
>> Wait, wait, slow down here. I I want to
I want to understand this. I want to
make sure I understand this. Let's say
you were just using one agent, right? If
you were just using one agent, you hit
apply to apply the code changes because
not only can it generate code, it can
also change the code, right? And you
when you apply, you're basically
applying all of those changes.
>> When you use three at a time, you can
apply just one of the agents changes or
you can unapply them. So you could apply
test if it doesn't work unapply them go
to sonnet 4.5 apply their changes and
and kind of sequentially test.
>> Yeah. Okay. Absolutely correct. So you
know I can undo apply here. I think the
reason I didn't undo apply was so now it
won't complain because what you just saw
was I did not un apply. So now if I try
to apply this it'll give me this warning
again. Basically it's the same thing as
what I just did. So I currently have
sonnet force changes applied. If I undo
the apply and then apply composer won't
it won't complain to me. It's kind of
just a friendly way to tell you that
like hey you're going to overwrite
everything that the other agent wrote.
And you know I don't really care. Um
stash changes and overwrite.
>> So if you press overwrite it's
equivalent to undoing the other one and
reapplying this one.
>> Yep.
>> Okay.
>> Yep. So that's a really good call. Um so
overwrite basically just does the exact
same thing. So now I have sonnets 4's
changes I believe right four overwrite
yes well I should have set four changed
currently and let's see if sonnet was
able to fix the problem so first text is
hi I like no cursor
>> still wrong
>> n still wrong yeah
>> yeah and I think the more descriptive
you are the better to do this and I
think yeah I think I know what the
problem is sort of not in code but I
think I know how I would fix it
>> oh yeah you want to give me a prompt
>> all right well just hold the whisper
flow button which is I think is
something we should talk about.
>> I don't have that.
>> Oh, but you can press the voice button.
I'm pretty sure it's down there. I think
they have it built in now.
>> Oh, you're right. They have the voice
feature. So, I'm going to start a new
agent and I'm going to let Riley go and
Oh, so currently right now when I select
a meme and add it to the canvas or
whatever you want to call it. And then I
add the first text onto the screen. And
then I move it around. And then I go to
create another text to add to it. Once I
start typing the second one, it
automatically starts typing into the
first one. What I want to have happen
instead is new text be added to the
screen as soon as I start te typing the
next one. And I want to be able to do
this for an unlimited amount of text
boxes or fields uh so that they do not
get overwritten and replace the writing
I've already done on previous text
fields.
>> I think that was really descriptive.
Once again, we're going to try running
this. You can run composer multiple
times. I could run it three times with
just composer, honestly. Let's give it a
try. Four times composer. Maybe one of
them will get it right. So, since it's
so fast, we'll we'll see if it's smarter
than itself.
>> Yeah. And then this is one thing that
makes cursor so fun and vibe coding so
fun is just using voice, you know, like
being able to just like speak out your
thoughts as they're happening. And um I
just think it's super useful. I
basically just over I kind of
overexplained a little bit. You can see
here the different versions of Composer
are doing different amounts of work.
>> Yeah. Um, which is a good thing I I
think because you get a varying degree
of
>> results. You get different results. So
you can truly test four different, you
know, approaches to solving the problem.
Yeah. So they're working. Oh, I think
composer one is done. Uh, so composer
one is done both on the fourth run and
the first run. I'll go ahead and apply
this one to test this one for now.
There's a let's see got to manually test
this. Hi. And let's try it again. Bye.
Ooh, this is promising. This one works.
Good job, number four. So, now that we
number four has immediately fixed it,
you know, just for the kicks, we can see
if this one fixed it. This one obviously
gave me 100 lines of code and deleted
three lines of code. This is what these
like colored numbers mean. So, this one
only gave me 24 extra lines of code.
This one gave me 100 lines of extra
code. So,
>> which is probably better. You probably
want to choose the one that has the
least amount of like the one that's the
most successful with the least amount of
code change. Yes, that is genuinely
probably generally probably like a good
rule of thumb. Uh because you don't want
ex that's actually a really good tip
because you don't want code bloat. Like
more code doesn't necessarily mean
better. In fact, it means worse AI
context. So that's actually a great tip.
But
>> it's the same with like writing an
essay. Like if you can make a point in
one sentence, you should do it in one
sentence, not three paragraphs.
>> Exactly. Exactly. But just for the
kicks, we'll be applying this one. And
I'll just fully overwrite it. I still
remember that number four is the one
that's working as intended. So if I try
this now, add text. Hi. Okay. Move this
around. And then buy. Oh, okay. Well,
>> see, I actually like this one better
>> because the difference is the other one
waited until you pressed enter to add it
to the canvas. Click. Click uh text
content. Type something.
>> It adds it in real time, which is what I
asked for. So the reason there was more
code is it's actually doing something
more. If you go test the other one,
you'll realize it doesn't do that. I I
>> That's a great catch. Let's try this
now. Reapply full override.
>> Full override. This is cool.
>> Yeah. No, that's a huge catch. So now I
can say like, you know, look full
overwrite.
>> So if you Yeah. If you put that there,
notice nothing's going to happen.
>> See?
>> Add to canvas.
>> Don't you think it's a way better
experience to have it on the screen like
it show up on the actual meme?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Let me finish my meme. Revert plus
apply again. All right. Yeah, full
overwrite. Basically,
applicable meme. Um, yeah, I think this
is really good. So, we're in favor of
keeping this one.
>> Yep.
>> Sure. Let's do
>> I mean that's what I asked for. I did
ask for I said when you start typing it
should be created on the thing.
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, that is great. So, real
attention to detail and these things
matter. That is great. Um, I do think
there's one I do think that, you know,
there are quite a few things wrong with
this. Obviously, I don't want this. I
want more of an interactive. I can tap
and then text is created there. Yeah.
>> And then I can click like an X or
something up here. So, I'm going to just
give it another prompt to try and get
that state. So, or do you want to try?
>> Yeah, sure. I I actually know how I
would want to set up this.
>> Oh, yeah, sure.
>> But I I don't want to interfere with
your vision. No, dude. Videos are ours.
Let's do it.
>> Okay. Okay. Um, I want you to condense
the meme selection thing [snorts] that
is at the very top. I want you to put
that instead in a left sidebar that goes
vertical. If you're familiar with how
Canva works, they have this kind of
utility bar on the left. I kind of want
that to be the case. And then
immediately to the right of that, I want
this to be the canvas, which is where
the meme goes. And so here, once I
select a meme in the left panel, it'll
populate there. And most of the screen
should be this canvas that shows the
meme. And then I want you to put
everything else in this little rounded
rectangle bar at the bottom of the
screen centered so that I can add things
in like a little utility so it's not so
jarring to have all these things on the
screen. And I think something like TL
Draw has Yeah. or Excaladraw has these
little bars that you can select to do
different things. I want you to take
that philosophy in kind of redesigning
the user experience.
>> Yeah.
>> What do you think of that? Yeah.
>> I think you you are amazing at providing
detail. I think it's great. I think you
know Yeah. The little like floating
menu.
>> A little floating menu like like uh it's
almost like fig jam if you've ever used
it.
>> Yeah.
>> Um yeah, I think I think just keeping it
minimalistic because the focus should be
on the meme. Like after you add the
meme, it should just be the meme. If and
then you look at the meme and then you
want to add something, you go to the
little utility and you add it. I do
think this one will take longer. Khan,
it looks like it's done.
>> Oh, yeah. No, for real. Okay, four runs
of it. Let's see. Um, I do want to say
definitely read through the responses.
You can skim through the code if it
doesn't really make sense, but the core
value of learning and why I'm such a big
fan of composer is that, oh, sorry, of
cursor is that it allows you to learn
with it. And when you get more and more
in the hang of things technically, you
can kind of see if it went down the
wrong path or not. And for example, if I
were to spot something that I didn't
like, I could just immediately abandon
it and not try this. But, you know, it
look I was reading through this, it
looked like it was like pretty good. It
promises me that it's done it. It always
does. So, take the last part with a
grain of salt. But, normally during the
trajectory, you'll be able to see if
they were like doing the right things or
not. So, let's just apply this and see.
Full overwrite. And
it now it looks even more like teenage
engineering in my opinion. Yeah, I think
it did give you everything you asked
for.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, okay. Okay. Very neat. Now I can
make the meme that I've been trying to
make this whole video. I like cursor.
Okay.
>> Okay. I already know what I want to
change.
>> What? This this part of like
>> No, the text boxes little component
there is heinous.
>> Oh yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> You can do a new line. Remember?
>> Yeah. Oh my god.
>> There it is. Download. Hit download.
>> We finally made the meme that I've
>> Well, we don't know. Have we even tested
the download feature yet?
>> I mean, let's see. Nah, it's here.
>> Okay. Okay. [laughter]
>> Yeah. No, I think this is a pretty real
graph. Yeah, but I like that the
functionality and the UIUX is coming
along. I think it did technically
implement everything you wanted it to.
We could definitely spend another prompt
on fixing the text boxes. Would you like
to do that?
>> Um, yeah. Why don't we like move it in
like it make it expandable, you know,
like um or how would you what do you
think the best UI is here? Like
definitely not text boxes written in a a
list that goes vertical. Let's go back
to Excal. What happens when I open a
text? Ah, we get another like text
panel. Okay, but I think Excal is
actually really nice because I like the
I think all we need is the resizable
text box and maybe like an X here. So,
we can spend a prompt on that. I'll I'll
do this prompt this time. So, let's see.
I want to run this three times. So,
currently the way we add text is when
you enter it into the text input field,
it'll add it to the right near the
bottom in the like menu bar. Instead, I
would like you to make it such that when
I click on the canvas, it will create a
text box where I click. And this text
box is resizable. like it should have
like the four dots on the corner of it
and I should be able to adjust how big
the text is that way. And you know when
I click on it, I should be able to
delete it. Maybe give it an X on the top
right or something. But make sure I'm
allowed to click off of it and you know
the like selected text no longer is
selected. Cool. Let's run this for three
times and we'll be back with the
results. All right, we are back. All
three runs have finished and let's just
start testing them. So obviously
reminder to read I won't but let's apply
this and let's go back to localhost. Oh
that is not localhost. What is
localhost? There we go. Refresh this.
That's weird. I still see this text
here. Oh well I can add text with the
click of my mouse and I can delete it
but I cannot edit the text. That is not
good. Can I resize it? Yeah, I see some
duplicated text and I am not able to
edit text on this version. Bummer. Let's
try the next one. [laughter] Overwrite.
And let's see. Oh, what is going on
here? Okay, some Okay, this is this is
this is a hot mess. All right. No, we're
going to this one. Apply all full
overwrite. All right, let's try again.
This just doesn't do anything. Okay.
Okay, this is working, but not like to
create. I see. So, all three kind of
failed.
Uh, when this happens, I like to bust
out the multiple
and give it a try again. So, I can go
ahead and grab this prompt. Go here. Oh,
obviously make sure to undo apply.
>> Yeah, that was going to say you want to
make sure if you're going to do this
strategy to go to a new agent to make
sure you unapply all of the the previous
ones.
>> Yep. And so, that kind of does show you
that it failed. Let's do a little bit of
iterating on why it failed. Uh I think
when you are moving the text, that's
when the is that's when the agent had
the most problems. So I'll probably just
stick in something like uh four dots in
the corner should be able to adjust.
When I click on it, I should be able to
delete it, move it. Okay, cool. Um
create a text box where I click and the
text box is resizable and movable.
You know, honestly, I just think if I
run it again, it'll probably work. So,
let's run run it with the big boys.
>> Yep.
>> Yep.
>> That's what I would do.
>> Rip it.
>> We'll be back.
>> This one will take a little bit longer
because again, we're using two of the
slower models. GPT5 Codeex is the
slowest model right now, but it is the
smartest. So, I I I actually I would put
my money on GPT5 codecs here. But this
is a lot more fun way. You can like
directly test them all together here,
which is pretty cool.
>> Yeah. All right, so all of the models
have completed. So let's see which model
made this work because this is a pretty
complicated feature request. So let's
try composers.
All right. And refresh this. Okay. Some
some Okay. I mean Oh,
>> are you typing right now? Okay.
>> Yeah. Um
>> uh
>> Oh. Uh let's not work with this one.
>> Okay. Let's try Sonnet. So, let's see.
Sonnet.
>> I'm telling you, I told you my money's
on Sonnet. I mean, my money's on uh GPT5
codecs.
>> Okay. Sonnet does not allow me to click
to make text. Let's see. Do you work?
Okay.
>> Can you resize?
>> Oh, okay.
>> This is actually pretty pretty good. Or
>> you just can't do it directly on there.
>> I just can't tap to create. Yeah.
>> Which is probably the ideal experience,
right? Oh, is it
>> to type? Yeah. I
>> enter text. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe.
Yeah. Edit text here.
>> No. No. I think the ideal experience is
doing it directly on the canvas for
sure.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Howdy.
How?
Yeah. Okay. Okay. We're getting there.
GPT5
full overwrite.
Okay. Okay. Not type the text though.
>> Okay. You can add it there.
>> Okay, this
>> can you resize?
>> Wow. So, all sorts of combinations of
half working. But, you know, that is
just the state of uh AI currently. You
got to kind of fiddle with it and play
with it. Take the best of your ability.
I think there's another skill gap to
kind of distinguish which features like
you should pick to build from,
especially because Sonnet and GPT ended
up in both halfworking states. Um, I
think that that's actually really hard.
Uh,
I think I'll probably stick with GPT5.
>> I think so, too. I think you can add it.
Then you have to like edit down there. I
think it's one away from being fixed
because basically all you need to do is
change.
>> Um,
all you need to do is just be able to
type into it after you add.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> But this is all in all pretty good. Um,
actually sets might be easier to do a
one shot. Let's see where sonnet was
again.
Oh, okay. It just cannot create. H
They're both kind of difficult problems.
>> Well, yeah. I mean, but here you can
press like you could press add new text
box. Then you can move it and scale it.
Maybe this one is better.
>> Yeah, they they they both [snorts] have
their their issues, but yeah.
>> Cool.
>> Um we'll stick with GPT5. Feels a little
clean, but
great. And so now that we're here, um, I
do want to transition onto the next
step, which is we're going to go ahead
and actually turn this into a website
with backend and O and databases. And to
do that, we're going to need to
get a little bit more into the
technicalities and we don't need to
strictly use the editor, but I think
this is a great opportunity to kind of
showcase the editor along with a few
other features that cursor really has.
So going forward I'll be sticking with
this and uh we'll be exploring this view
and this framework as well. So the first
thing I want to do is I want to show you
guys that um there is a thing called
commands that you can do with cursor.
And oh by the way these shortcuts that
I'm using are like control uh L brings
up this side on the right. You can also
obviously like um bring it up from like
Oops.
>> You can search it. Just search cursor
shortcuts as you learn more and more.
>> You'll get used to them. I recommend
just don't focus on them too early. You
can find them in the interface.
>> Yes, I think that uh the shortcuts
really come in handy definitely in the
editor or maybe I'm just more used to
it. But what I was going to say is that
you can actually create commands for
basically shortcuts and you know Riley
mentioned that git was kind of how you
like set checkpoints. I'm going to go
ahead and set a checkpoint here and I
could tell it to I could do it the
traditional coding way where I would
come in here and I you'd get add and
then get commit and then get push or I
could you know be lazy and tell AI to do
it. Uh and I could say like hey commit
my changes but I'm going to go ahead and
create that as a command. So every time
I can just do slash commit and it'll
commit. So I'm going to create a commit
command and and commit just means
pushing the changes that you've made to
your code, right? We've made changes to
this meme app because remember we
created a GitHub repository earlier,
right?
>> Yeah.
>> And we created a version. Now you want
to basically make a version two where
you're committing your changes to make
version two.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> Thanks for slowing me down. So a little
bit more about git is that it is used
for versioning controlling. In the
beginning we set up git so that we could
run multiple agents at once. I'm going
to actually use it for its intended use
case which is you know to put a
checkpoint where I am right now. And
normally it takes a few commands in the
terminal or obviously the agent can do
it for you as well. And I'm going to
take a shortcut and making the agent do
it for me. So, I'm just going to say
commit my changes to get uh reference
uh code changes to write a short but
meaningful
commit message. So, yeah, that's about
it. I'm going to save that. And now I
can do /commit and boom. So, it's going
to go ahead and make me a commit for me.
>> Yeah,
>> that's really cool. And this would
actually be come in handy for deploying
your web website or web app to um to the
internet when you if you want to use
like the Verscell CLI, you could have
your uh one that you always use to
commit. So, it's cool. I'm trying to
think of all the useful uh commands that
I might want to do.
>> Yeah, I mean I think there's a lot of
different use cases for this. uh it's
really flexible and it kind of allows
you to customize your interactions with
the agent which is obviously case
dependent as you become more and more uh
in the flow of using cursor. You can add
your own customizations. I'm starting
from an empty slate because I just
downloaded cursor today but yeah there's
a lot you can do with this as well. It's
telling me that it committed my changes.
I'm just going to go ahead and verify
that right now. And I do see that this
giant text that it you know created.
Yep. Yep. Okay. The commit did go
through. So this slashcommit message
does work. So that was a example of
using a command. Once again, there's
another way to create commands obviously
which is going to be through the
settings tab. Uh you can create commands
down here. Project commands add command
and user commands. They're same same
difference uh as in like one follows you
across all of the folders and one is
only for this folder.
>> Amazing.
>> All right. So before we leave the
settings screen, I want to show you guys
one more feature that is probably one of
my favorite features of cursor and that
is indexing and docs. As I mentioned
before, cursor has this powerful agent
that uses all sorts of tools and it uses
the context that it's given to kind of
code for you and build out what you
want. Going forward, we're going to be
adding database O and a backend. And all
these kind of really hinge on having a
database provider. But that what a
database is is basically just you know
tables and you can read from it, you can
write from it and it helps orchestrate
what happens and store data when certain
events happen. So why am I talking about
this? Well, we're going to be using a
product called Instant DB and the docs
for it, you know, it's very new. I've
been using it since the beta. It's
evolving constantly and sometimes AI
will make mistakes. I will add the docs.
When he says docs, it's just think
instruction manual, right? He's using
instant DB as a database. If you've been
vibe coding a little bit, maybe you've
heard of Firebase, maybe you've heard of
Superbase. It's the same thing.
Personally, as someone who just vibe
codes, I'm not technical. I find Instant
DB the easiest because you need one
single key to make it work and it's very
easy. The only thing is it needs cursor
needs the instruction manual on how to
use instant DB because there's specific
language and specific types of code it
has to write in order for it to work.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Riley does a great job
explaining it and I'll go ahead and show
you how to make all this work. So, you
know, I'm in my uh arc over here. I'm
going to search up instant DB docs. I'm
gonna go ahead and find Yep. the modern
Firebase documentation. Perfect. I'm
just going to grab this link right here
and I'm going to go ahead and
add doc. And so it's going to ask for a
link. I'm going to give it the link and
it'll start
reading and combing and indexing which
means you know it's just teaching its AI
what instant DB is. So perfect. It's
done already. Now we're going to go to
instant DB and grab that key that Riley
was talking about that one secret that
we really need so that we can start
using a database in our app. So yeah,
when you go into Instant DB's dashboard,
you'll be able to create a new app on
the right. It'll look something just
like this. And I'm gonna go ahead and
create a new app called Meme Generator.
By the way, this is free. Um they give
they have a really generous like free
plan. Like you can just create a
database right when you come in. You
don't need to pay anything um until you
have like a certain amount of entries or
something like that.
>> Yeah, I think they're really friendly. I
I know the founders. They've been
working really hard on this product.
Highly recommend you try it out.
Although this is not sponsored, but this
is why it's really useful. It's so easy.
I just create a new app and it gives me
my public app ID. Go ahead and copy
this. I will go ahead and feed it to my
AI and I'll tell it to add me a DB. And
yes, and before just to make sure you
guys understand, authentication means
sign in.
>> DB means database. And so we're creating
an app, right? If you go to the meme
generator real quick, like the the
actual application, right? If you click
on meme generator, right? This obviously
you can download it, which is great, but
what if you actually wanted to save your
memes somewhere or uh what if you wanted
to create an account and eventually
maybe you want to char like if I use
your meme generator, you might want to
charge me $5 per month. You can't really
do that unless you have users, right?
Right? And when a user signs in, there's
authentication. And then you maybe you
want to limit them to only 10
generations per month. You need a
database that keeps track of basically
all of the data that's happening within
your app. That's what Khan's adding
right now is a DB.
>> Yes. Yes. Thank you for breaking it
down. I'm sorry I'm I'm like rushing a
little, but yeah, I think my goal for
the next part is to probably turn this
into a little bit of a social app where
you can post the memes you generate and
people can upvote them. And obviously
you're going to need people to be signed
in to upvote and things like that. So I
think that'll be a really good
demonstration of building a full stack
application. And full stack just means
it has both what you see and all the
functionality behind it like signing in
and upvoting and posting. So we're going
to be adding features like posting and
upvoting and signing in. And that's kind
of you know this next section on what
using the editor is going to be about.
>> Amazing.
>> All right. So, the first thing I'm going
to do is I'm going to go ahead and put
the agent into plan mode. And this way,
oh actually, sorry, I'm going to create
a new agent because we want the full
context of it. And then I'm going to put
this agent using shift tab into plan
mode. I'm going to go ahead and ask it,
I want to make this into a full stack
app. I want instant DB to be my
database.
And here is my public app ID.
And
uh walk me through a plan. I want the
end result to allow users to post their
oops post their memes and for people to
be able to upvote them. Cool. Go ahead
and tell the agent to start planning.
And because we've given it the docs,
right, it's going to basically read how
to do this, right? Without that, if it
couldn't search the internet and if it
couldn't see the docs, it would almost
certainly fail. But now it's going to
take a lot of time searching the web,
instant DV JavaScript setup. Um, and the
way that documentation set up nowadays,
there's almost like a um, a standardized
format which makes them easy to index,
which is part of the index feature,
which is basically like it knows how to
go through the full thing and find the
relevant parts. And so it can basically
like find the relevant instruction, go
build some code, run into [snorts] a
roadblock, and then it can be like,
wait, I need to go back and search it
again. And then it will come back and
finish writing the code. And so AI
agents are getting smarter and smarter
that like you just need to feed it a
bunch of instructions and it's usually
we'll figure it out.
>> For sure. Yeah. Um so it's asking me a
few questions about authentication.
Should users be required to sign in?
One.
>> Yes.
>> Yes. Two. Uh should the meme remain as a
creation tool with a separate gallery
feed view or integrate into the posting?
>> I think it should happen in the Well,
no. Oh, let's make it a separate for the
sake of this
>> separate. Uh,
>> but I think while you're on the feed.
Ah, no. That would be really hard for
like remixing almost like I think let's
keep it as a separate tool.
>> Yeah, I want a creation flow and a
browse
slashupvote
flow like screen.
>> There we go. And then three, use instant
DB. Um, and then this is good. I think
I'm going to also we're going to publish
this at the end. So I'm going to go
ahead and tell it to use Nex.js which is
a framework of JavaScript. Currently
we've been using vanilla. You know as uh
when we began the video it asked us what
did you want to do? It gave us a few
options. I'm going to tell it to
refactor it to be next.js so that we can
easily publish it. I think Nex.js allows
us to publish websites the easiest.
There are a few other options. We could
use GitHub to have a GitHub page. To
keep it simple, we're going to be also
asking it to refactor into Next.js,
the code base to be NextJS.
>> And so Next.js was created by Versell.
And we're going to be using Versel uh to
actually um deploy or get our app on the
internet. And um Nex.js to my
understanding is probably the best for
styling like creating websites that are
that look the best. I would say most
people use Nex.js. Uh maybe
>> I think that's a common
misunderstanding. I think Nex.js is just
a framework that combines like the
client side and back end uh on like the
way they structure their folders in
their directories. There's a lot of
different patterns. And when I say
frameworks, it's kind of like how you
group these files. Although Nex.js is
the same company as Vzero, which was
very famous for being able to design
good websites with AI.
>> But yeah, so I think I think you're kind
of like you got you're on the right
track. Yeah.
>> Nice.
Um, so it's given me a plan. I do want
to read it. And so I can full screen it
here. So now I can read it. Overview.
I'm going to skim this real fast.
And this is one of the ones that you can
edit, right? Because it's yellow.
>> Yep. So if I see anything wrong, I'll go
ahead and tell it to like do something
else. Uh, yep. Yep. Yep. React. Yep.
Find the schema.
Image URL text box. create it at
great.
I'm going to go ahead and add here that
I want you to use the magic link feature
uh that requires a sixdigit verification
code for the O. So, this is going to sub
point just kind of point it to the
correct direction again. And so, this is
kind of giving me its plan. Um, I like
it. It's a it's pretty neat.
um app create browse API components.
Okay. Yeah. Um
skim skim and
I think it looks good. So I'm going to
go ahead and let it build now. So you
know looking at it, it's actually very
similar to uh you know the agents view.
Oh, it's asking me for permission. As in
like the layouts are
the agents view is definitely more
spacious, but you know, I think we're
going to be seeing a lot of changes.
Yep. Come over on the left and I kind of
want to keep track of what's going on
because it's a pretty big change. So,
this is why I'm sticking over here.
Later you'll also be able to see that if
we are debugging any issues I can
directly reference the files and I can
use like the at this command and you can
point to files here which is really
important and when you're pointing to
files to add the context to your agent
you're kind of telling the agent hey
look specifically at this file there's
something wrong or I think this is the
problem obviously this is a little more
technical leaning um and I did want to
dive into a little bit about how like
you know as you upskill you can use
cursor and all of its features a bit
more. So when you're attaching files,
it's obviously very important to be able
to see kind of what the file is, the
directory, and all its relations.
>> Makes sense.
>> And it is still checking.
Cool. Yeah. Oh, I probably should not
have used composer.
That's probably
maybe I should have ran this on agents
for three.
Maybe you should have.
>> Yeah. Well, we'll see if this fails. Um,
>> so this is a really good test. So, um,
yeah. And I think one thing you could do
is you could just stop it and then re
not saying you should do this right now.
Um, and then just use the agents and you
could have used, you know, what you did
earlier, GBT5, um, Claude and Composer
at the same time.
>> Um,
>> but I think that's a good backup option
if this fails. But this is a really good
test to see how composer is.
>> Yeah, you know, we'll see. All right,
we're back and wow, we've got, you know,
a lot of things going on. 18 files
edited. As you can see, there are a lot
more files in my folder directory now.
And the app is ready to use. Test the
flow. Oh, next steps. Okay, so it's
telling me to do a few things. Once
again, these are implied that I need to
open the terminal. So, I'm going to go
ahead and clear the terminal. Oops.
clear and push the schema. I'm going to
go ahead and do that. Oh, install. Yep.
Go ahead
and
cool. Oh, I have to log in. Okay.
Instant CLI login. So, and by the way,
you could literally ask cursor to do
this stuff for you, right? Like,
>> yeah, you could.
You want to talk about command K in the
terminal? I don't know if you've ever
used that.
>> Oh.
Um, it is taking a second to come up.
>> Oh, weird.
>> Command K was pressed waiting for second
key of chord.
>> Ah.
>> Huh. What is that?
>> It's waiting for something from you.
>> I don't know. I don't know if command K
exists anymore. I haven't used it in so
long.
>> It literally says command K to generate
command.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Anyway,
>> command K. Well,
>> ignore.
>> Yeah. Um, honestly, we'll be back after
I figure out. All right, so we're back.
It did give us a lot of file changes. As
you can see, there are a lot of files
and the project directory got a lot more
complicated. And uh let's just see if it
works. It's telling me to
um do this. But let me just try out the
Okay, let me just try out Let me just
run the dev server locally and check out
the website first to kind of see if it's
able to load. And okay, I see a lot of
issues already with the website. First
of all, Nex.js is out of date. Uh I
should have caught that from the plan.
So this goes back to reference, you
know, if you read the plan, um it
actually said it was going to use Next
14. We're actually on next 16 right now.
So that is just wrong in general. And
obviously there was um an error that we
saw with uh what is this? Instant DV and
Webpack module. So I think you know
composer uh it's a fast model but just
wasn't really like you know aware of
what was going on this time. So I'm
going to actually run this prompt with
sonnet 4. And to do that uh sonnet 4.5
I'm going to go head over to agents. The
good thing is I can take this whole plan
basically and feed it to Sonnet 4. Oh,
and this is their to-dos. So, I'm not
going to grab the to-dos. I'm going to
just grab the plan. I'm going to go to
agents, create a new agent. This time
I'm going to be using set 4.5 and I will
be telling it this is the plan and I'm
going to go and change next to be next
16, which is the current next. So, we're
still passing in this key and we're
telling it that we want it to uh new
files or honestly this is maybe a little
more too detailed. I'm just going to
give it a plan mode again. Let it plan
on the plan and uh let's see. Yeah, this
stuff looks good. I'm going to delete
this new files because I don't want it
to be too specific since the old plan
definitely had some problems. This way
it'll kind of generate a new plan. And
so, uh, I see here
I want to use Tailwind.
Uh, so I am just editing the plan before
I send it off. And, uh, let's see. Yeah,
I think everything else here looks
pretty decent or I'm just skimming
through it as well. Um, I don't think we
need to give it a specific file
structure. So, I'm going to delete this
as well. And the file structure is what
we were looking at over here. It was
kind of like planning what files to
make. Uh, just delete that. And let's
see, uh, these are kind of some key
features. Yep, I like that. Uh, creation
flow, post meme, converts canvas to
blob, uploads to instant DB storage.
Yep. Yep. This all looks pretty good.
Um, technical implementations.
It's talking about some React stuff and
the migration strategy. Okay, cool. Um,
this looks good. I'm going to tell it to
think about this plan. I might actually
run it two times and we'll see what
Sonnet 4 cooks up and we'll probably
build with Sonnet 4.5.
>> Wait, so is it it's going to plan?
>> We're getting a plan right now or are we
get it's going to generate code?
>> No, it's planning. So, we're on plan
mode. I just fed it the plan of composer
one. I think composer one was a little
out of date and it tried to use next 14
which is going to cause a lot of
problems. So
>> I just told it no like
>> let's just use sonnet and if this gives
me another plan I don't like I will
>> uh I don't know tell it like to directly
use next 14.
>> Gotcha.
>> All right. So it's asking me some
questions. Uh okay. So oh yeah there's a
current this is a great point. I didn't
undo the other plan. So um so it
actually was asking me like oh and I
caught this because it was saying your
package already is using next 14. So
obviously we still have all of this code
that composer wrote for us that doesn't
work. We want to get rid of it and
that's why we use git to make a commit.
So we dropped the checkpoint last time
we did the slash commit command. Right?
So remember this. We can just go right
back to it and it'll discard all of this
stuff. So, I'm going to go ahead and do
that. Uh,
>> do you want to just use the git tree? I
think it's cleaner if you wanted to show
them up there. Like, you could probably
just remove the changes.
>> Uh, yeah, the changes. 27 changes. Um, I
don't know.
>> Okay, that's just how I understand it
versus going in the terminal.
>> No, no, no. You're right. Here are all
the 27 changes. Um, these are all the
files that composer wrote and you know
they are not working obviously. So if we
want to get rid of all this code and let
sonnet 4.5 start on kind of like a fresh
point of the last checkpoint that we
left. So you can go ahead and you know
like delete these if it makes it more
intuitive. Um but the same thing is just
heading over here and get stash. And so
now that'll also Oh, actually deleting
might actually be faster. Um cuz new
>> Don't you just go to the top and go to
changes and there's like a little button
there that like lets you delete. Oh,
discard.
>> Discard all. Yeah. Okay. No, that's
great. Um
what is going on here?
Okay. So now if we look into our
folders, ah there's just a lot of
folders. Okay, that's the problem.
There's a lot of empty folders now.
[snorts] Um, we're back with our
original three files from before any of
this mess happened. Um, but the next
JS left us with a lot of folders that
we're just going to go ahead and delete
as well. And this is why being able to
see the folder view is pretty nice. So,
I can just, you know, delete all of
these and clean up my working directory,
which is the repo that we had. Do not
delete the dot cursor one. This is where
your commands and rules live. And
obviously, I'm trying to reestablish my
next app. So, I'm going to delete these
as well. And boom. We're kind of back to
where we were before this whole mess.
So, this is the prompt that we want to
do. And I realized that this is actually
a very complicated prompt because we're
asking it to refactor into the whole
codebase. And generally, that means
like, you know, it gets pretty messy.
And so, actually, I'm going to bring
this back to agent, but we will be
exploring editor. uh after we run this
kind of big prompt. So
>> amazing.
>> I want to go into editor. Uh oh, okay.
Well, it's here. And I don't want
composer for this because um I do want
to trust the frontier models on this or
I guess yeah, we'll run sonnet and gpd5.
Uh
you know what? Sure. Like twice. Um
>> just go two and two. I like it.
>> Yeah, I like it. And so great. uh you
know let's do a plan mode and let's kind
of see or I guess okay
>> I think we just rip it yeah I think we
can just rip it since we have so many
agents running and we'll just take the
best one so that's another way to use
this new this is what I mean by like I
feel like the cursor 2.0 is like one of
the most
>> powerful like ways to use AI like I
don't even
>> I could do a plan is probably the best
practice but I I have I have faith so
>> I have faith as well
>> yeah let's just run this
So, now we have four agents going, and
this will take a bit of time. This might
take five minutes. Uh, Sonnet 4.5,
Sonnet 4.5, GBT5, and GPT5. We'll see
how it does. Boom. We're back. And
interestingly enough, I mean, this
Sonnet one just kind of died, but we
have three that completed and all of
them gave us plans. And so, this is kind
of the agent saying, "Hold on, hold on.
This is a really big change. I need to
take some time and propose a plan
anyways." is even though we weren't on
plan mode, all of them gave me a plan
and it's asking me for permission. So,
off camera, I went off and I read a few
plans. Um, I think the Sonnet 4
definitely is the most detailed plan,
but it also has way too many features
that I didn't ask for, so it's too
complicated. I'm going to discard the
Sonnet 4.5 plan. So, I'm really focusing
on these two plans. And I kind of like
the first plan more, although it had a
few things or like questions that it was
kind of asking. So it was saying like oh
you know go and explore o providers or
like a storage system. I'm just going to
go ahead and say this plan
looks good
but I want you to use instant DB storage
and instant DB off with magic link. Uh
it will send me a sixdigit
signin code. So, I think with this it'll
go ahead and use this plan and what I
told it to make the transition. And uh
let's see. I'm going to go ahead and use
4.5.
Yeah, let's give it a try.
>> Let's do it.
>> No, it's just updating the plan now.
Build it.
Is this because I switched to 4.5? So,
this is probably like something that I
didn't know until now, but I have a
feeling that it gave me this plan
because I switched to 4.5 from chat GBT
and so it's kind of like updating the
plan. I have the feeling that if I just
ran it on um codeex, it would have just
started coding, but I think it's just,
you know, asking for permission. I'm
going to give it a little skim through
again to make sure everything's right
because this is a pretty big refactor.
Um, all these things look pretty good.
Yep. minimal. Yep. I like it because the
real difference is that once again, this
is a lot more minimal. Um, and this this
is just like too much. I think I think
we don't want it to, you know, it's
already a big task. We don't want it to
over complicate things, which is why I
chose to stick with this plan. It's just
echoing me the plan back. I'm just going
to go ahead and say go ahead. And now
it'll start writing me some code. All
right, we are back. And wow, was that a
big change. It took a while. We took a
break. We're back though. 2400 lines of
code written. So, um I want to hop right
into it and test it, but I do want to
skim this a little bit. And it probably
has a few things that we need to do. So,
let's see.
Okay, it's telling me about what it did.
Okay, how to use. Okay, so
>> what file is this? Is this some
>> It's a file that it wrote. It's a
markdown. A lot of times when you ask
for a big change, it'll often update the
readme and write you a little markdown
document. implementation summary.mmd.
>> Yeah. So basically, yeah, and it has a
lot of helpful tips at the end. So I
highly recommend reading it or at least
definitely skim through it. Um, it looks
mostly like correct in terms of uh what
like I'm looking for. So it's mentioning
everything that I kind of asked it for.
Um, and so what I'm really looking for
is kind of like how to get started and
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Here how to use. So it
says that we need to do the database and
I think our server is already running.
So, um, all we really needed, oh, it has
instructions to publishing as well. But,
uh, before we hop right into it, let me
just make sure we are going to have to
push some things for Instant DB because
in order for a database to work, you
kind of have to define the tables and
it's asking us to do that. So, I'm going
to go ahead and do that. Um, it's gave
us the permissions. Once again, I'm just
going to be copying it. Bash genuinely
means put this into a terminal. So, I
will do just that. Uh, I have this
terminal here. Let's clean this up. And
I'm going to just paste the first
command in.
And so it's it's instant DB asking to
log me into the terminal, which makes
sense because we're using instant DB and
uh we kind of need the terminal to make
sure the whole setup is logged in for
the app that we have hosted. So, um just
going to proceed and okay, so I'm
already logged in on the website. Um and
it's just asking if I can log in. So, I
will go ahead and log in. Um close.
Cool. And then we needed to run the
push.
So, let's just follow some instructions.
Uh it's asking if it can push these
table changes. This is exactly what I
wanted. And some permissions. So, it's
actually really good that it wrote
permissions because this way, you know,
our app is more secure. Um, going to
just say yes to everything. Everything
worked. Okay, that's good. Uh, probably
because it had some documentation. This
part sometimes get tricky. If you do get
caught up in it, I would just, you know,
ask the AI like what's going on. And if
it's like continuously making errors, I
would try different models like GPD5
cursor uh uh not composer and uh sonnet
4.5 as well as always telling it to do
research online because these things do
change a lot. Whatever they're trained
on might be wrong and they might default
to something incorrect.
>> Yeah. Can I add something? Can you pull
up the terminal just a little bit so we
can see it?
>> Oh yeah.
>> I want to talk about one thing real
quick. Uh because I've been, you know, I
vibe code a lot. I use I've used like
four or five of the different like uh
database softwares. Superbase, Firebase,
um and now I use Instant DB. Um I just
want to go over this rules or
permissions
>> folder. And so what this is um basically
and you can if even if you don't code,
you can kind of like reason your way
through it. What all this does is if you
think about like Twitter and when you
sign into Twitter, you have certain
rules and permissions on like what
you're allowed to view as a user, right?
And so that's all this is is basically
saying like what user can see what is
that effectively what the rules and
permissions are.
>> Yeah, exactly. So as you can see here
just through skimming we can kind of see
that is defining for the memes anyone
can view it but only the owner can uh
update or delete it and you can only
create it if you're authenticated.
>> Right. So
>> so like in the feed of memes everyone
can see them, right? But only the person
who posted the meme can edit it or make
changes or delete it. Yeah, exactly. And
you can reason through a lot of things.
Um, I like Instant DB because it
automatically has something called
files, which if you're more technical,
this means you can use it as file
storage. So for memes, they're images
and databases don't actually store
images in the table. Um, but that's why
I like instant DB. That was basically
automatic. And you can see something
similar like, you know, you're only
allowed to vote uh you can see all the
votes u but you're only allowed to
create votes if you're authenticated.
So, that makes sense. And you're only
allowed to like delete your vote if
you're the one who voted. So, all of
this stuff looks really good. Um, I'm
excited to test it out. Uh, let's just
hop over to Okay. Yeah, I think this is
this is it. And, uh, I do see a sign-in
page. Let's see if the permissions are
working. Um, so if I just try to post
this, I see that I see like we have some
good stuff. We have um
the two. Okay. Nothing.
>> Okay. So, created there's a create page
and then a feed page.
>> Yeah.
>> Cool.
>> Yeah. And uh I see the signin button,
but I do want to test if the permissions
are working. So, let's just try to post
this photo. And yeah, it says please
sign in to post memes. So,
>> okay.
>> Oh, wow. It it automatically links me to
the sign-in page. Uh I'm going to go
ahead and sign in. So, this is my email.
Um
maybe blur this. I don't know.
>> Uh okay, cool. We are shown enter
six-digit code sent to your email. I
will check my phone right now.
>> So, when you use Instant DB, it's by
default uses this like six-digit
verification code. So, you get an email
from Instant DB, right? Is that what it
is?
>> Yeah. Um, I can actually show the email
on uh I guess here. So, I did just get
an email. Um, so you know,
this is the code I got. It does come
from something called, you know, meme
generator, which is the project name.
So, that's kind of nice. I do think
there's a way to customize this, but
Instant DB kind of does this out of the
box. You can also do sign in with
Google, sign in with Apple, all the
fancy stuff. Uh, that's a little more
complicated. You have to give it some
more API keys, but it is possible with
Instant DB and you could probably do it
vi coding as well. Yeah. So, it's it's a
lot easier to get started not using
signin with Google. um like you should
just test it and this is the simplest
way to test and then once you have
everything like created and it looks
good then you I then you add that after
that's how I usually do it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I think that's a great
suggestion. Um to not to get too into
the details, but when you do start, you
know, signing in with Google, you need
their like OOTH and their they have
tokens that you have to feed the AI and
then finding that token is really like
difficult because you have to go through
like Google, you know, like technical
like dashboard and all that stuff. Um
and AI can't really do that for you. So
that is a current limitation of Vive
coding. that stuff. You will have to go
dig through Google's OOTH documentation
and figure out how to create one. Um,
but okay. Yeah, this is the Yeah, cool.
This is the project. Um, I'm going to go
and enter this code in and we are in.
And
>> And notice how his emails up at the top
right.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, and so you're signed in, it looks
like.
>> Cool. Um, I do think I will be able to
post something now. So, let's actually
make a meme. Uh, the little girl or
whatever and just say like you like
coding question mark or something.
>> I don't even know what is this meme
template usually.
>> You don't vive code with cursor.
>> I like it. Emily, what do you think of
this meme?
>> Okay, it's funny.
>> Okay. Um,
post the feed
meme posted posted successfully. Okay.
Oh,
>> and yeah,
>> didn't nail the aspect ratio, but that's
okay.
>> The aspect ratio is a little weird. It
has the only text in it as the title.
Um, I can't click on it to full screen
it. So, these are all features that we
can add. But
>> question, do you want to show what it
looks like in the actual database?
>> Oh, yeah, that's a great suggestion. Um,
so in the database, I'm expecting So,
these are the tables.
>> Wait, let's let's hop back. Let's go to
explorer. So, so yeah, I think so.
There's the public app ID, which Kihan
will probably either rotate or delete
after this video because you definitely
want to keep that safe. As you see, we
could set up this database with that
public app ID. So, if you give someone
your public app ID, they literally can
uh just edit your database, uh, which is
not good.
>> Um, the explorer, what the explorer
does,
>> the explorer kind of lets you oh, flip
through like the data that you have. So,
you know, over here we have the one meme
that I just made. Uh, and then it has
the link to the image. Uh, this is the
one user, which is me, Riley. You can
actually Oh, I guess you can't really
check this out until I publish it. But
>> that's true. We can do that in a sec.
>> Um, so yeah, we have one user, which is
myself, and we have one meme, which is
the meme that I just posted. Pretty
cool. Uh, and so I guess like I want to
test the upvoting feature. And I can
upvote it. Let's see if we see a vote
come through. Yeah, we do. And the good
part is you can you can link it to the
meme. That's the same meme that I
posted. And you could link it probably
to me. Yeah. So that is me. So that's a
little bit about
>> a little brief intro to databases. Uh,
it really is just a collection of tables
that your app uses. So it's good. Uh,
pretty impressed that everything works.
Um, you can create more memes. This is
all really fine and dandy. Yeah. So, I
did say we were going to go talk about
the editor view. This is the editor
view. Um, you know, terminals live down
here. You can also collapse them. Uh,
but the key point is um the agent does
exist here. This is the same chat. I'm
going to make a new one. And we can
actually ask it to um Oh, nice. It only
lets me upload it once to like open the
meme. Since this aspect ratio is cutting
off some of the meme, I would like to
ideally like tap and see the full meme.
And so I guess we can kind of just add
ask that as a feature. Um, and you know,
if you're technical, you can kind of
like look through and see how all of
this like looks. Um, and
let's see. I think like app feed page.
This is probably where we're rendering.
Yeah, this is where we're rendering
this. So, I can actually do this. So, it
actually says plan at for context or
slash for commands. I'm just going to go
ahead and add page. Oh, uh,
slashfeed/page.
Yep. Next.js is interesting. It likes to
name everything page. But we can go
ahead and attach this specific file. And
if you are a little confused here, this
is all called page.tsx. This is telling
me that inside of the app folder itself,
there's a page.tsx tsx specifically.
It's looking at this one right here. Um,
you can tell because it kind of points
you down this way and uh there's there's
quite a few. There's one inside of app
feed. So, this is a subfolder. Uh,
inside of here, there's a page. Inside
of login, there's a page. So, I want to
point it to the code file that I know
that I want it to kind of work on. So,
page inside of feed, I'm going to say
when I tap on a meme, I want it to full
screen. Um, yeah, that's kind of like
the only feature. I think it'll work
just fine. Uh, I think we can go back to
composer. This should be a pretty quick
fix. Um, and so yeah, I guess the first
feature we wanted to highlight was the
add context. There's actually quite a
few things you can add. You could add
like uh specific docs, you know, you
could add whole files and folders. Like
I just showed you adding one file, but
you can actually append like the whole
folder. So I could literally do like
slash app. Um there's a caveat here
though when you do append slash app and
I guess it makes sense to kind of do it
for this. Um so when just a little bit
of how cursor works technically when you
do add a file it'll append the whole
file. So all of this stuff I'm basically
just you know crl +ving this whole file
in here right. Um when you do at app
like a folder it will actually give you
like it'll condense that into like a
summary of all of the subfolders and the
files inside of it and a little bit of a
highlevel like abstraction of what
exists in the file. So it won't append
like every single line while if you do
append a page it will basically append
every line or try to. So just wanted to
point that out. Um if you are asking for
big requests and you just add the folder
the result won't be as good if you
pinpoint like specific pages that you
want to be updating which is what I'm
doing here. I kind of gave it app to
kind of you know tell it since this is a
new conversation give it a little more
of an idea of what's going on. And uh
let's just run it.
Okay. Wow. It is. It does work fast.
>> Imagine if it got as good as like Sonnet
4.5 and it was this speed.
>> That would be insane.
>> Probably will happen
>> sometime. Yeah. Um, so it's telling me
it added a full screen meme. Uh, and
then you know, let's just accept these
or I'm pretty sure without accepting you
can test if it works. So, okay. Yeah,
>> I love it.
>> Yeah, pretty pretty pretty quick. Yeah,
it works.
>> Wait, can you do one thing for me? Can
you post another meme? And you don't
even need to add text to it. I just want
to see what it looks like with multiple
fe memes in the feed.
>> Yeah, sure. Uh, post this.
>> Maybe you have to. Oh, no.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. So, it shows up in like a grid
type deal. Okay.
>> Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can I can keep
posting memes, you know, like easy.
>> Yeah. [snorts]
Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So, it is a
little scuffed. We can play with the
aspect ratio. Um, I do think that that
will actually be a little bit
challenging. uh just from my experience.
But
>> well, yeah, I mean like how would it do
it in a grid unless you literally just
did it in a vertical grid like Twitter,
you know?
>> Yeah. But like honestly, I think this is
fine.
>> Yeah, I think this is good. I think I
think tapping to like see the full meme
is like a good middle fix. Um
>> and as you begin like playing with code
and vibe coding, you'll be able to tell
like, oh, AI really messes up at this
one thing or like so it kind of takes a
little bit of experience to know like
what is hard, what is not hard. And we
kind of mentioned this earlier when we
were like, "Oh yeah, this like change to
Nex.js is going to be a pretty big
change." Um, a change like this is, you
know, as you can see, super small, but
pretty impressed. I'm going to go ahead
and accept. You can also, you know, keep
it shows you line by line where certain
things are inserted or deleted or
changed. And so these are pretty useful.
Let's say like if this one was like
terrible and wrong, I could actually
reject it um and then only accept like
the ones that I like. But for this, I'm
just going to keep everything. Um, and
uh, there's a few more files. Yep.
Styling. Okay, great. And so now we have
full screen mode. Cool. Yeah. So, just
to make like this lesson go on, why
don't I try and deploy this? So, Riley,
you can come on and start upvoting my
memes cuz, you know, I spend a lot of
time on the memes. They're really good.
I think this one truly speaks to me. Uh,
so, you know, I don't know how to deploy
things, but it's good that you can grow
with cursor. So I can create a new chat
and I can say I'm going to put this on
ask mode. I'm going to learn with it.
How can I deploy this? Let's do it.
Yeah,
>> this is literally how I first deployed
on cursor. I asked it and it said to use
Verscell CLI.
>> Um it it suggested railway but I think
on Oh yeah, Versell
>> it has yeah it gives you a few options.
Versel is easiest for Nex.js which is
why I asked it to refactor to Nex.js. I
personally think it's the easiest. I
like it a lot. Um, and you know, there's
a lot of alternatives, but it'll kind of
like tell you a little bit about each
what you need to do. Uh, and so, you
know, it has some important notes and,
uh, it'll give you a suggestion, right?
Yeah, it says recommended for cell.
Okay. So, tells you to sign in. I mean,
honestly, we can just follow this step
by step. Push your code to GitHub. So,
uh, we have been using Git, but GitHub
is like the cloud version of Git. So,
you can actually have Git locally, which
is what we've been doing so far, and you
can actually have it associated and
pushed onto GitHub. So, I'm going to go
ahead and do that. I will be showing
every step along the way. So, I'm just
going to go to my GitHub account. This
is my GitHub account. Uh, and you know,
let's see. I'm going to have to create a
new repository. And this repository is
going to just be called meme generator.
And if you don't know how to like walk
through these steps of using GitHub, you
can also ask cursor. Um, but if you're a
developer, I'm sure you know how to use
GitHub. It's
>> have to choose an owner, my guy.
>> Oh, you're right. I'm part of not just
myself anymore. [laughter]
Um, so yeah. Uh, I mean this actually
tells you what to do. So push an
existing repo. We have a repo. I'm just
going to do this and, uh, stick this
into here. Cool.
>> One, two, three.
>> Wait, also literally,
>> can I Wait, have you entered that in
yet?
>> Uh, not the last part. Yes. What's up?
>> Can I show you how I do it? Cuz you can
oneshot this to Verscell.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> I'm not even kidding. If you go to
GitHub,
>> go to GitHub,
>> copy the Git repository link. Just the
repository link at the Yeah, that one.
>> Ah, yeah.
>> Copy it.
>> Paste it in a cursor.
>> Okay.
>> Um, I would change it to Sonnet. I know
Sonic can do But I don't know about
composer.
>> Okay.
>> I would say um have you you've already
signed into the CLI on Verscell. Have
you done that before?
>> This is a new computer so I don't think
so. But maybe that's good. Maybe that's
>> okay. I think it'll actually take you
through that. So can you whisper flow or
uh do the voice thing isn't available.
Okay. It's not long. Just say I just
created this GitHub repo. I want you to
commit my code here and then I want you
to to deploy to the to Verscell and use
the Verscell CLI to do so. That's it.
>> Cool. Do you want to talk about what a
CLI is and what Versell CLI is?
>> Yeah. So, honestly, I could not give you
I've used a lot of CLIs in the last year
as I've learned how to use AI coding. I
command line interface, I believe, is
what it it stands for. Um, and it is um
I don't know. Anything else? I just know
that it has to do something with the
terminal. Is Claude code a CLI
>> or is it a
>> kind kind of kind of
>> it's a TUI? Yeah.
>> Or which I don't know the difference. I
just hear everyone talking about it, but
I use them all the time. So I just know
it is an interface you can use in the
terminal.
>> Yeah. It's basically like um you know
like this is like git is a CLI
technically because you know any
commands that you can run inside of a
terminal that aren't like pre-built to
your Mac is a CLI. So it's basically
saying can I use Verscell which is you
know the owner of next to deploy this uh
project using like commands using like
terminal commands.
>> But you were on ask mode. Yeah, I was.
But I kind of wanted to read a little
bit, but I just forgot I was on ad mode.
Okay. So, it tells me how to commit. It
tells me to log in. Okay. And then it
tells me to run d-prod. Okay. Um or if I
I don't want to do it manually, so I'm
going to just tell it to go go. Yep. So,
yeah, you have to make sure it's on
agent mode and it should just do it. At
least cursor six months ago can do this.
I haven't pushed to Verscell in a long
time. I used to make web apps a lot
more. Um,
>> cool. So it is running. Okay. Yeah.
Perfect.
>> And the CLI is the same as what you were
using to set up uh Instant DB.
>> Yes. Yes. That's a great example. I was
using Instant DB CLI to log in. You
know, you saw them ask me to log in. I
think for sale will do something similar
>> and update the permissions too.
>> Yep. Yep. And to update the permissions
and schemas. So yeah, I think uh
>> and yeah, and then the one thing you do
have to do manually, if you add any APIs
um to your app, uh you have to place
those manually in Verscell, I believe. I
don't think it can add environment
variables um through this.
>> So yeah, here I see this is probably the
line that is going to ask me to sign in
or something.
>> Um let's see.
>> But I believe it's already pushed your
code to uh GitHub, right? So, if you go
to the arc and refresh.
>> Yeah, here's your code there. Perfect.
>> Yeah. And uh here's the read me that AI
wrote. Pretty neat, honestly. Okay, it's
telling me to log in. Okay, I expected
that. Um, let's see. Okay, so this is
actually a very good thing to point out
because the cursor's agent can use the
terminal. Uh, it can run commands for
you, but you know, these commands expect
humans to kind of follow up. So, for
example, it's telling me to press enter
to open the browser. If I press enter,
nothing really happens here. So, I can
actually pop this out into an external
one. And uh this basically just gives me
some more space to hopefully interact
with the command. And uh okay, so that
one actually failed. Um I'm going to
have to copy this line or I can I can
just tell it like not working. give me
the command to run because obviously
this command is kind of waiting for me
to do something and
>> so it wants you to press enter so that
you can sign into versel on the web
right is that kind of what's
>> exactly and you know the AI isn't able
to like press enter for me or sign in
for me which makes sense so uh it's
telling me to just go and run the login
command myself fair enough oh paste this
in oh okay so this is another thing
cursor has their own like weird terminal
Gen, you probably don't want to be in
this most of the time. Uh, it's more so
for the agent to use. So, I'm actually
going to kill this and create a new one.
So, I'm going to go run the login
command. And it's telling me to visit a
website or press enter. Okay. I can
actually press enter. So, enter the code
from your device. Okay. Okay.
>> Authorization successful. I think
>> you can close this tab. Okay. Congrats.
I'm signed in. Great. Um, and now it's
telling me to deploy to Versell. Uh
>> oh. I would just say I've signed in.
Continue.
>> That's what I would do. [laughter]
It might be it's a shortcut to you, but
to me it's the only way because I I I
don't know how to do it otherwise.
>> No, I mean this is great. You're
teaching me about Vive coding. So, um
it's running something. Let's see.
Searching for existing project. It looks
like it's doing something.
>> And then it it can fail. But the thing
is is when it fails, it'll give you a
project link that you can click on and
then the errors will pop up in Verscell
that you can copy and give it back to
cursor quad.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, with the new browser, you
could probably even just open [laughter]
it in cursor. Yeah.
>> Oh wow. Definitely this screen does get
a little crowded though.
>> I don't like the browser. I'd much
rather use the the swipe back and forth.
>> Oh yeah, like the full screen.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, I think there's a
lot of potential. You know, if you got a
big monitor, I'm out here with my
laptop. I would personally use the
browser inside of the app if I was ever
doing anything. Um, but let's see. The
development is trying to build but needs
an environmental variable, which is that
secret key that we were talking about.
>> Like I said, you need the
>> I need your in what is your instant?
Okay, so it's just asking me for it. Um,
I would just give it. So,
>> can you just give it to the
>> I mean, it's asking me for it. So a lot
of the times um these keys will be
placed in kind of a important and secret
file called env.local or env sometimes
the local isn't there. Um here's my key
uh just to kind of like connect some
dots. Eenv literally means environment.
So it says is asking for my environment
variable. So that's kind of it checks
out. Um these are meant to be secret. Do
not share these anywhere. Do not push
them to GitHub because people can find
them on GitHub. This is very important,
but I'll go ahead and pass it to the AI
and see if it can actually finish
deploying.
>> I don't
Let me add that environment variable.
Okay. I was wrong. I didn't know that it
could add them through the CLI.
>> Yeah, that's really neat.
>> Excellent. Okay. Redeploy. Yeah, deploy
it for me.
>> Let's go. And see, you have a
>> a link
>> project link.
Yeah. Is this link going to be active?
>> It does take some time to build.
>> Yeah. Okay. No, that's really cool. I've
never actually just told, you know, the
cursor agent to deploy it for me, so I'm
looking forward to it. I'm looking
forward to you liking my memes. It's
giving me a few follow-up commands. I'm
just going to go ahead and allow
everything. Uh, okay. I do see one
deployment was ready and one failed. I
think the first one that failed was
probably the one without the environment
variables.
And okay, great. It's done. While I'm
here, I just remembered another secret
little tip for you guys. If you guys
don't like clicking all the like allows
and stuff, you guys can configure in the
settings. I'm pretty sure it's Let's
see.
Where was it? Probably in general. Um
Oh, yeah. You guys can have a completion
sound. Uh system notifications. H
editor settings. Keyboard shortcuts.
Don't ask again. Wow.
agent. Okay. Autocle clear chat. Here it
is. Um
Oh, you can actually turn off the web
search tool. Auto accept on commit. Jump
to next diff. Allow get to rewrite. So,
there's a lot of ways you can kind of
customize how autonomous your agent is.
A lot of it will be in the settings. I
highly recommend checking it out. Um I
think I remembered I turned off like it
would ask me every time if it Oh, yeah.
This one auto accept web search. I turn
this on because every single time it
tries to read a website, it asks you and
this is one of the settings that I
instantly turn on because that was
really annoying. But let's hop back into
this. Um,
it's live. I don't know. What's the
link?
>> Was there nothing? It didn't give you a
link if you scroll up.
>> Oh, no. It gave me the link. I was just
too lazy to read.
>> Ah,
>> cool. Um,
you want me to text this to Just just go
to it first. Let's see if it's live. I
just want to see what what it looks like
if you go to that link. So this link
>> Oh,
>> so there's two links it gives you. One
is like the project link and then the
other one because it looks like you
signed in in Safari, but go to the other
link. There's two. There should be two
links
>> in cursor.
Scroll up.
>> Is there two links? Yeah. Yeah. Uh maybe
not.
Go to versel. Oh,
>> huh. I know what you're talking about,
though. I think the I was on different
Versel accounts in Safari and Arc. So,
if I just put it in here, it should just
let me in. Yeah. Okay.
>> Yeah. But I won't be allowed in if you
send it to me. So, you're go to
Verscell. I think it's really useful to
go to Verscell, actually.
>> Okay. Yeah. Why why not? Let's do a
little section on Verscell. So, here I
see my meme generator project.
>> Can we talk about what it is? So, okay.
So, what we just did is we deployed to
Versaille. And if you're brand new,
right, if you're if you're technical,
you know exactly what we mean by
deployed. um in which case this may be a
little below you but that's okay for if
those of you who are brand new to coding
what we just did is we created all the
files on cursor right uh we used AI to
create the app and then we tested it
locally then we deployed it to Verscell
which means put it on the internet um
it's not free to have something on the
internet right you need to host it
somewhere right is that what's happening
here correct me if I'm using the wrong
language but we're using Verscell to
host it and now it's public on the
internet and it doesn't just give you a
fun cool domain. It would be nice if it
did. It gives you this random long
domain like meme
generator-1/psl.verell.app
and that is the domain that you can
access to use the app. If you were to go
to that domain actually we need to find
the domain that's public.
>> That is the public one.
>> Okay,
>> perfect.
>> So that domain is literally on the
internet. We'll put it in the
description below. You'll be able to go
and generate a meme, right? It is on the
internet and I can use it. So Khan can
actually send it to me.
>> I can um we are not responsible for
anything crazy that gets posted on that
website.
>> Yes.
>> But this website is live. You guys can
post things on it and make memes.
>> And so if you go to the feed real quick,
I'm signing in.
>> Oh yeah, you can.
>> And I'm going to go ahead and say um
>> yeah. So Riley was saying hosting and
deploying basically remember that we
were running this project locally on our
computer and I mentioned before that all
the websites all run on a server. It's
just somewhere in the middle of nowhere.
This is basically renting one of those
servers in the middle of nowhere to run
our website but forever and to put it on
the internet. So really neat stuff.
>> Oh, I didn't sign in. I have to sign in.
Um
>> you got authenticated.
your authentication blocked.
>> It's all good. I can sign in here. This
is fun.
Um,
entering the code.
>> I'm gonna make a meme, too.
>> Verify code.
All right. You should see mine on the
feed, actually. Yeah, I see all of them.
Oh god, I got signed in, too. Oh my god.
Okay. Well, I'll just check out your
meme. Um,
>> I don't even I think you're going to
have to sign in, bucko.
>> Nope, I'm not signing in.
>> Ah, I just posted the you deploy to
Versel meme.
>> Why? Why is she confused? Why is the
side eye you deploy?
>> Oh, okay. Well, I'm glad it works. Riley
has came on and
>> and look, I can like stuff. And what I
love about Instant DB is it's real time.
Everything in in Instant DB, at least to
my knowledge when I use it, is very real
time. So things happen. In fact, Vashall
and I made a video where I used Instant
DB to make a video game and the position
of all the characters in the game were
updated real time, which was a lot of
fun. Yeah.
>> Um, so yeah, I like Instant DB. It's
great.
>> No, me too. I'm a big fan. I like how it
bundles storage as well. It's pretty
good.
>> Definitely try them out.
>> Yeah. Okay. So, so far we've talked
about what cursor was. We talked about
the basics. Uh, then we dove into cursor
2.0, know, which was super fun for me
because I learned about how you can run
multiple agents at once. You could and
it just completely new interface. It
looks more like chat GPT. Um, and then
we had a lot of fun in these two
sections, three and four, where we built
an app, right? We built the the the
front end of the app. And then in
section four, we built the database,
which stores the data and how you showed
us how you used the instant DB CLI to uh
make permissions so that I can post to
the feed. I can view the feed, but I
can't edit your post in the feed. and
we're kind of seeing how the data works
in the background and then also we put
it on the internet and then I signed
into it and I posted to it and you could
see it and we're creating an application
and we could send it to everyone on our
team and we could uh if you're viewing
this video right now you can log in and
make a meme and so yeah, we've covered a
lot so far and um yeah, that's kind of
what we've covered so far. I thought I
thought it was a really good idea you
mentioned we could compare these tools.
Why don't we do that now?
>> Perfect. Yeah, let's hop in. So, these
are the competitors we're comparing in
the vibe coding space. We got Replet,
Vzero, Lovable, and Cursor. And so, we
have a few things on the left such as
backend support, speed, model, effort to
share, experience building with it,
personal anecdotes, and the price. So,
um, honestly, I think we can start with
cursor since we just did a very in
detailed rundown. Obviously backend
support it's possible but you do have to
kind of tinker explore you have the
freedom to pick your own stack. You can
kind of choose to do you know instant DB
or superbase or firebase or you know
like MongoDB. You can kind of pick
whatever you want and you can learn your
way across you know basically whatever
you chose and figure it out and have the
AI help you along the way. So, I think
there is moderate support. Probably
you'll see that the competitors actually
have a lot better support and they hold
your hand throughout the way a lot more,
but I would say that this is like pretty
moderate and uh pick your own adventure
style like pick your own adventure. You
can definitely get stuck and caught in
some pretty uncomfortable places when
like you just don't know what you're go
doing with. And I think it's good to
take a step back and do a little bit
more learning before you hop back into
the code. But I do think it has the
highest skill cap, too. So, I think I'd
say a solid moderate for, you know,
backend support. I think for speed. Oh,
thank you, Riley. I think for speed, you
know, as you saw, Composer was super
fast, you know, and then like, you know,
all the other models are pretty much the
similar speeds. So, like similar. It's
comparable or better than anything else.
>> I definitely think Cursor is the fastest
from my knowledge. I would argue lovable
might be um the second fastest or even
as fast, but I think there's a huge uh
drop off in um
>> quality of apps that you can create. Um
Lovable's made for more uh simpler apps,
I would say.
>> Yeah, I agree. We can move on to
Lovable, too. We'll be covering
everything. Um but just wanted to run
through cursor since we just spent so
long on it. models as you saw. You can
pick basically any Frontier model, their
own model, and you can actually add
models to the cursor, I believe.
>> Yep.
>> Um, so yeah.
>> Yeah. Like you could you could literally
run like llama locally. Um, like if you
have the GPU.
>> Wow.
>> Like you can use local models on cursor.
I'm pretty sure
>> that's crazy. Yeah. U effort to share.
You did see that we had to go ahead and
deploy it on Versell and then only after
that could I share the link. I had to
set up GitHub. I had to set up Versell.
I have to log in to the CLI tools. I'm
going set this as like pretty high
actually, like higher than most. Um, but
obviously that's the price you pay for
the flexibility you get. Experience
building with it. I would definitely say
um this is for people who have technical
background or want to become more
familiar with the vibe coding space in
general. If you want to be one and done,
you know, probably look into something
else. If you're here to stay and you
really want to upskill and truly find
exactly like the peak of your creativity
and where that can bring you, I would
definitely go with
>> proumer plus for this. That's what I
would say.
>> This is like you're you're not just
trying to play with a toy, not a toy.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. And the fun part about cursor and
we've talked about this um when making
product decisions for our company is
like you want it to feel like a skill.
And cursor makes it feel like it is a
skill that you can learn and you're
always learning new things when you use
cursor which is very fun.
>> It's a skill diff if you don't know how
to use cursor. And we're here to help.
We can probably do a little bit more you
know in detailed maybe basics of
fundamentals or like technical vibe
coding intro. I don't know. But uh price
I'm going to have to I think this one's
you know a topic of discussion. I think
it can get pretty pricey, especially as
I mentioned, in order for you to use
multiple s models concurrently, you do
need the highest plan, which starts at
$200 a month. And I think that covers a
lot of your token costs, honestly. But
they can add up. You do they do have a
pay as you go feature. And there have
been months, you know, before when I've
spent $100 on it, just pay as you go uh
on top of like the the price that you
pay just to use their service. So yeah,
you know, it can get up there, but once
again, it's kind of like
>> how much you're playing with it. So, I
genuinely think their price is, you
know, they've had an influx throughout
their history of being super cheap and
then being super expensive. I think
they're at a pretty fair point right
now. I do think the value that I get for
the money I spend on Cursor is not
outrageous. And I think it's actually
like, you know, now that like Composer
is out and it's a very valid way to save
money and it's so fast, I think it's
honestly a pretty good time to hop in
and start subscribing for the price.
It's not outrageous. It's pretty good.
It's the tool that gives you the like
the the most um toggles to lower your
cost. In my opinion, I would say it's
probably the best.
>> Yeah, it's very like price price
flexible. Uh flexible good time to
invest now.
So yeah, that's currently kind of like
our thoughts on cursor. Um we have
definitely spent a lot of time with all
these competitors as well.
>> I would go horizontally for the rest of
them and just kind of compare them to
cursor.
>> Yeah, sure. I think that's a great idea.
Yeah. And so like um for backend support
um for Lovable, let's put Lovable Cloud.
>> So like Lovable added Lovable Cloud
>> um which I've heard mixed reviews. It's
basically a Superbase wrapper. Um
>> and it allows you it creates a kind of
backend for you and it also gives you
like AI features kind of. So yeah, I do
want to highlight the fact that you do
not have the optionality to pick where
your cloud is. And you know, that's pros
and cons is it's a lot easier. So like
easier, but you know, if you run into
issues, you can't really use Google to
like fix it. You have to like, you know,
go search on lovable forums or join
their discord or something. And also, if
you're building something on Lovable and
you want to like upgrade or like leave,
like it'll get kind of tricky because,
you know, your code really only works on
Lovable's platform. So, as soon as you
want to leave, you're kind of stuck. Um,
leaving is not very easy. So, you know,
there are some pros, there's some cons.
You know, these are some cons and some
pros. Like, this is pretty middle. Like,
the pros are up top and the cons are
down below.
Um it's kind of like pretty good if
definitely like if you want some more
support and uh you want to just build
one thing and be done and you probably
won't reach mass mass scale like this is
a good option
>> for V v0ero I don't think has a backend
feature.
>> Um I think they do have a partnership
with Superbase though.
>> Okay. So you do a partnership with
Superbase. So it's just not branded.
>> Yeah they they just admit straight out
it's Superbase and I'm pretty sure you
have to sign in link your account. Uh so
that does get a little bit like you know
annoying because the good thing about
lovable cloud being a superbased wrapper
is it automatically links your account
for you none of that stuff. So you have
to do the linking yourself manually with
Vzero which isn't hard you know not hard
at all it's just like you know in the
case something happens you have to deal
with it yourself and the good part is
you do you're not as stuck because like
you know the whole database is exposed
to you. You can kind of comb through the
data whenever you want. You can export
it. You can play with it. So it's not as
bad as
>> you could export your code and then uh
like use Superbase with another um
coding tool basically.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And you know there's
database migrations happens lots of
times sometimes people directly move off
of superbase to another database and
that's pretty po that's like super
possible with vzero not very possible
with lovable. So that's another thing by
being stuck. Um so yeah I think
>> and then replet has one that's inhouse
right? Yeah, they also have like an
in-house uh like I don't know if it's
called like replet cloud or something,
but they they they offer in-house
solutions and you can it's kind of
basically the same as
>> but I will say you it's a lot replet's
the easiest one to also do external. So
like replet you can pretty easily do
external um d backend database and use
their in-house one.
>> Yeah. So they also do give Yeah, that's
a great point. They give you the
optionality but they have the in-house
solution. So honestly, you're not very
stuck, but uh at the same time, if you
want something that's like very easy and
holds your hand as you like kind of get
it set up, that is a thing. Honestly, I
think Replet is a there's a great
solution in this uh in this category of
backend support.
>> Yeah,
>> obviously it does fall behind. All three
of these fall behind in terms of cursor
as in the like online presence.
How do I start presence?
>> There you go.
>> Yeah. So like you know for and I'm
talking like okay I have an air and I'm
trying to build a database with MongoDB
what do I do right like cursor you just
you know ask the AI go on Google you
know you can kind of do something
similar with replet but with vzero and
lovable you're kind of constrained to
digging through super basis docs digging
through lovable's docs in that case
lovable is you know the worst in that
regard and replet's the best outside of
cursor so yeah um speed.
>> Oh god.
>> I would say
>> what does it say? I would say V0ero and
Lovable are are very similar.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and say like fast. I think Replet
uh Replet kind of is trying to move away
from vibe coding. Uh Omjad doesn't
really like vi the idea of vibe coding
and they famously recently came out with
that new thing which was like um
>> you know it thought for two hours. I
don't know if you saw that. It thought
for two hours. It was a super agent 2.0
0 and it was still worse than cloud
code. But like that's neither here nor
there. Um but like I would just put
slower and more powerful in quotes I
would say.
>> Yeah. Slower um but definitely like it
pays off, right? Slower but worth.
>> Um
>> slower but worth. And it gives you like
questions too. Like it'll it definitely
asks like clarifying questions more than
v 0ero and lovable.
>> Yeah. you know, replet is kind of like
cursor plan mode plus like agent mode.
Uh, so if you notice in plan mode, you
know, cursor will ask you some
questions. And also in agent mode, we
saw that while we were asking it to like
do the huge refactor, it asks us some
questions. So it almost replic kind of
defaults to that type of experience
where it'll ask you clarifying
questions, take a long time, but when
you come back, it'll probably work. And
I can't really say that about Vzero and
Lovable. Um, these people, they like to
kind of give you like little steps, you
know, along the way and and a lot of the
times like one of the middle steps will
not work. Honestly, I find that really
uncomfortable because it's like, wow, I
don't know. I'm in like a bad spot. I
don't know if I should go back or if I
should continue like pushing through it,
you know? So, these are kind of like
step functions.
>> What's the the next the next thing? Oh,
model
>> model. Yeah, model selections. So, yeah,
I think Vzero and Lovable are very
similar here.
Um I think uh like yeah like they turn
on something really quickly and
you know it may or may not work while
replet turns out something a little
slower but it probably works and cursor
if it works it's on you. If it doesn't
work it's on you.
>> That's a really Yeah, that's a good way
to put it.
>> Yeah. Um so honestly that bleeds a
little with experience building it but I
did want to touch on models. So I do
know that
uh Replet and lovable use
anthropic under the hood. So you know
you're you're basically committing to
anthropic. Um and that you know you
don't really like get to pick. Uh I
think like
>> Vzero has their own model that it uses
by default. It's they've trained their
own model. It's like v 0ero
>> model. It's called v 0.
>> Yeah. Oh,
>> you can actually use V 0ero in cursor.
Fun fact.
>> Oh, I did not know that.
>> Like the they have a model that's made
specifically for Nex.js.
>> Wow. [snorts]
>> Yeah. And it's fast.
>> So I think obviously their model is
really good at writing Nex.js better
than most other better than all other
models. Um I think lovable you can
actually switch to like GPT5 if you ask
it like oh use GPT which is you know
they don't have like that model.
>> You can select you can select GPT5 now.
Yeah, you can in in anthropic and I
think Yeah, I think you do in Replet
too.
>> Oh, really?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Um, yeah,
>> but yeah, you don't get like extra
customizability. Uh, I don't think you
can use anything beyond those.
>> Not the full freedom of cursor and
Versel is the most locked in as in
they're kind of like stick with us.
We're using Vzero. I mean, we're using
our own model. Yeah. So, um, that that
kind of matters because most of the
times these players will be passing off
the costs of these models down to the
end user. And that's why we kind of said
that you know with the pricing um price
flexible is this directly correlated
with how the models are like free freely
selectable in cursor um effort to share
uh let's see versell I think is vzero is
the easiest to share
they have like a one-click deploy so
does replet's pretty easy too I would
just rank these I would literally just
go one versel
two uh replet, three lovable, and then
four cursor. Cursor is very much harder.
And like you should, to be realistic, I
would put like a seven for cursor just
because it's significantly harder to
share. And that's my that's the
annoyance is if you're,
>> you know, learning to code or you just
want to vibe code, cursor is very hard
to share. Like you have to literally
deploy it to Verscell to share it with
someone. Whereas I mean you have to
deploy it to Vzero but Vzero is made by
Versel and it automatically deploys it
to Verscell and now they have a custom
domain thing so you can select a domain
and change the domain like you can
literally buy it on Vzero. So, like I
would just include that like Vzero is
the best for like landing pages slash if
you got to create like a a landing page
where you want to gather info and you
got to do it in 30 minutes, use Versell
because it's quick, easy to distribute.
Um, and you can add your own custom
domain.
>> Yeah, I think this is great. Custom
domain. I'm sure like the other
competitors have similar things, but
none of it
>> I actually think they're the only one
who has custom domain. Oh, really? Um
but you can deploy straight to replet.
Um but I personally like verscel more
than the replet uh deployments.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I do know that um oftent
times they will host you at a random
link. I do believe lovable and replet
automatically host you a public link
which is you know why
>> there's probably an argument to say that
these three are very similar. Um, if you
want to go it all the way to production
level, I do think Vzero is faster. But
if you want to get a link, you don't
really care what the link like looks
like. It's kind of like a bunch of fuzzy
characters. You know, Lovable and Replet
also can get the foot out the door
really quickly. Um, I do think that, you
know, all of them are going to require
you to sign in. They're going to require
your friend to sign in. And on that
front, actually, V0ero will require if
you have a backend, uh, you to fully
integrate that with Superbase. And if
you don't like signin will not work for
the other person cuz I was playing with
that recently and it was like oh wow
this kind of feels like the worst of
both worlds where you know I got to
spend the time to get it configured and
it's not as fast as the other two which
is like level one replet just directly
have a link. So that's something
sometimes you know there there's a lot
of caveats throughout here but um
basically uh fast like random link and
uh the same can be said here
>> for replet. Yep.
>> Yeah. So,
>> what's what's the next one? Oh,
experience.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Ranking. So, just go cursor four.
>> Just put a four there.
>> What do you mean?
>> Like rank like you need the most
experience.
>> Oh,
>> yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then uh I would go
replet three.
>> I don't know. Actually, I might I might
challenge you on that.
Who would be three?
Uh, nah, you're right. It's probably
Replet.
>> Replet 3 and then V 02 Lovable One. I
would I would say just and and maybe
partially this is branding. Lovable is
like kind of cute for kids. They're
literally targeting kids.
>> You can tell a lot about what Lovable's
doing because they are literally like
they just announced a partnership today
with like some program that's like going
to get Lovable into schools, which I
think is incredibly smart on their part
like to just get people used to using
Lovable. It has a brand that's super
approachable. like they in their last
announcement video, they're like, "This
12-year-old just made a SAS and made
money." Like they're they're really
targeting young people. And so I think
it's safe to assume it's just going to
get easier and easier to use Lovable.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And I do have to continue to
emphasize that easier and easier is
great, but it always comes at a cost
for, you know, freedom, flexibility, and
normally skill ceiling. So
>> usually it's like graduation. Like with
cursor, if you start on cursor, you'll
never you're never going to graduate
because like, you know, like you're
never going to hit the ceiling where
you're like, I need a more powerful
tool. You'll just never hit that with
cursor because like you can always make
it more powerful. Um whereas, you know,
if you choose any of these other three,
uh especially VZ and lovable, like you
might just hit that ceiling and you're
like all it takes is you to like get
angry about one project and switch to
cursor, you might never go back.
>> Yeah.
>> Is kind of how I say it. Like once again
you know most the lovable and vzero can
only make websites replet you know it
can make some like mobile configurations
I don't know mainly a website developer
as well cursor I can make a keyboard on
this thing I could program a car on this
thing I could program a drone I could
program a mobile app you know I could do
anything that code powers on cursor so
that's really amazing um it's definitely
like as I mentioned before you're using
the Photoshop and these people are like
canvas lovable is definitely going down
the super canvas a route. Um but yeah,
and I kind of like just ranking these
>> [laughter]
>> um like uh even for like I'm already
thinking about pricing, but I guess I'll
let you finish.
>> Yeah. So, just to kind of highlight some
key points that we made here, Vzero and
Replet, they're honestly very similar. I
guess this is more like step like you
get more like a you know, more
interactability
like more. This is definitely more
interactive than the replet. Replate is
kind of like you give it a command, you
like iron out what the command is and
you come back in like five 10 minutes to
like see if it worked. So this is
definitely like a send prompt and check
back type of type of software.
But yeah, you know, honestly, pick
whichever one you like if you want some
something more handholdy. Um obviously
we're here to convince you that cursor
is where you probably want to start.
Yeah. And then for price, um I would put
four for well cursor is flexible
actually. I I don't think we need to
rank F. It belongs in its own category.
>> That's true. And then I think the most
expensive out of these three is the
Replet. Um um someone posted a bill. So
their new agent mode that runs forever,
someone said it's costed $70 and it ran
for six hours when building a product.
>> Um which like in in uh in defense of
Replet, you could compare that to hiring
a developer for six hours. Um,
>> it would cost you more than $70.
>> It would cost you a lot more than $70,
but like is it really as productive? Did
it just get stuck in a loop? Like, who
knows? Yeah. Um, you the risk of running
a higher bill on replets probably the
highest out of these.
>> Um, and then I think [clears throat]
Vzero and Lovable are probably
comparable.
>> Yeah, I think they're very comparable. I
do think that um they both take a
premium on top of hosting. Yes. Which is
another thing. If you're sticking with
cursor obviously you have price
flexibility in using the model and when
you go and you know you have to pay for
a database you have to pay for like a
server you do these things out of your
own pocket so you can actually pick like
the cheapest one. These people you kind
of have to play with whatever they give
you. So just you should count on it
getting more expensive over time because
these companies are operating at a loss
and um
>> they're going to be looking for ways to
make profits later and so having all of
your apps on their cloud there are there
are some risks for that.
>> Yeah. And so they being stuck on them
you know it might come back to bite you
later but these are pretty pretty much
tied for number two. Um and they're not
outrageous. I actually think Lovable's
uh I think Lovable's price might be the
one that I'm like I think I think
Lovable is like slightly more expensive
than VZO when iterating on. Um all in
all though, I don't think like you know
oftent times I'll send a prompt and I'm
just not impressed with the output,
especially with Vzero and Lovable and
I'll have to spend more prompts on
getting something to work and they have
like the most complicated credit system,
but then they also charge you for things
like lovable cloud like hosting on
Versell and all that stuff. So it does
get a little convoluted. Um but yeah, I
think this is pretty much a little chart
about the players in the space.
>> Yeah. And um yeah, so if you feel like
you're a proumer, if you feel highly
motivated right now after watching this
video, um I would recommend going with
cursor just because I I mean I I I have
been vibe coding for the last year and a
half. I still don't know how to write a
line of code. I've never done it, but I
use cursor all the time. You've seen me
use cursor all the time. It's just fun.
And then when new updates come out to
like uh Claude Code or Codeex, I know
that I can just use it within Cursor.
It's like my safe little place. And we
didn't really talk about using
extensions. I've made videos in the past
uh with Muhammad on using the cloud code
extension, which is a whole video of its
own. Um and fits more in the cloud code
category, but I just love the
flexibility of cursor for sure. Yeah, I
remember when Riley and I began working
on Vive Code, he actually made the
weight listing website for Vive uh for
Vive Code's first app launch. And that
was actually really amazing because we
already had a database and we were like,
"Hey, if you're going to make the
landing page, we need you to add a
weight list and we need you to connect
it to our existing database." We totally
did not expect him to do all of that,
but he did because he used cursor. That
would have been impossible on any other
platform because of the limitations of
like, oh, we need to use to our database
clerk, I think, is what I had. We
already had a user, you know, we had to
like merge our users, we had to merge
our data and that would have been very
difficult if you were using any other
provider.
>> Yeah, but then just to say they did look
over the code and they did make sure
that it was good. I don't know. I hope
so. [laughter] I hope so at least.
>> No, no, no, we did.
>> And so, yeah, we've covered a lot today.
Why don't you scroll like zoom out for a
sec? Oh, yeah.
>> Let's take a look here. Yeah. And let's
>> Why just in in a final review if you go
up to the top for a cursor review. Yeah,
we covered a lot today. We covered
literally everything and we then
compared all of the tools, right? You
now know how to use cursor. And so my
final challenge to you is this. Uh make
an app and if you can deploy it to
Verscell, share the link in the comments
below. Um and just start with a project,
right? The best way to learn how to vibe
code in my opinion is just to pick a
project and do it rather than learning
like this as if it was like a textbook.
Just pick a project and do it and then
after you're done look at it and be
like, "Okay, what topics did I learn in
the process of doing a project?"
>> Everyone who I've talked to who's like
learned to code by themselves, even like
manually coding, they learned through
doing a project. Whether it was to make
money or it was out of their own
intellectual curiosity. do a project,
look back at it, be like, "Okay, what
did I learn?"
>> Yes.
>> And now you're equipped to do that.
There's no more excuses. He just taught
you basically everything about cursor.
>> Yeah. I think definitely cannot echo
enough that doing, doing, doing is way
more productive than spending your time
watching videos like these. I think if
you reach the end of this video from
start to finish, you're done. You're
ready. Go hop out there and start using
ask mode on cursor to learn about
everything you don't know because
>> and with that said with that said like
and subscribe and watch every single one
of my videos in the future but like any
other videos no need to watch it. Um
just go do stuff because we talk about
doing.
>> Yep.
>> Anyway, um
>> good luck out there. Good luck out
there, everybody.