How to get a cursor proof for free. So
I'll give you some multiple options on
how to get a cursor proof for the free.
Okay. So the first one we have here is
when we create a new Gmail account or
when you sign up with a new Gmail
account. Okay. So when you click onto
the sign in option and you choose your
Google account and you can see over here
you can see over here we have here a
start with the 14 days uh trial. Okay.
So when you click on the 14 days trial
so you'll get a pro version of the 14
days for 150 credit and once you get
over here as you can see you you will
have this enter your payment details so
most of us do not have a card or we are
not a card holder and the second option
we have here is we are not a US citizen
so we do not have a US bank account so
most of all we'll just click onto the
pack and we'll not use a 14 days free
trial so I'll let you know how to get
pass through this. So, okay. So, what
you'll just need to do is uh create a
pioneer account. Okay. So, you just need
to create a paneer account. So, to
create and then after you create your
payer account, so what we'll do over
here is we'll create a virtual US bank
account. Okay. So, to create a virtual
bank account, just click onto the get
paid. Okay. And then click into the
receiving account. And then after you
click on the receiving account just you
just click into the request account and
then click onto the next. And as you can
see over here we have five countries to
select. So we'll create select a USA.
Okay. And then we click on the next and
you have to click submit the request and
you'll also have to verify your identity
and business for what purpose you are
using this banking account. Okay. So
then you just need to submit the request
and then after you have submitted the
request come back and then come to the
same checkout option. Okay. So what
we'll now do is just click under the US
bank account or you can come down and
then if you see over here we'll have
here a enter bank details manually.
Okay. So just click over here into the
enter bank detail manually and then it
will just open a stripe account. Okay.
So you uh if you see over here I have
here a 6772 that is a first century bank
that was created by a pioneer. If you
come over here and you can see over here
that is a 6772 that is based in USA and
it has created a virtual bank account
for me to use for the cursor account.
Okay. So you can just select an account
over this right and you can click on the
connect account and then yeah so back to
the cursor and
and you can add your address over here.
Okay. And then once you have click over
here you you can see over here it is
secured by a stripe and then you can
just start your trial. Okay. So once you
have just done this so you are free to
use a 14 days of a free trial. So your
subscription uh on will start on October
23rd. Okay. So the 14 days is left
unlimited tab with a complete extended
agent limit and access to the most
phases. Okay. So and if you have
completed your pro trial for their 14
days, so you can just change the Gmail
account. Okay. So you if you have a
multiple Gmail accounts like me, so you
can create a multiple 14 days free
trials. Okay. And yeah, so if you do not
have a multiple Gmail account, so then
there's an another option as well. So
you can create a temporary mail from the
temp mail. So the link is given in the
description. You can directly click onto
the temp mail. Okay. Then you can create
a temporary mail from the templ and then
it will give you a Gmail account. So you
can copy to the clipboard and then come
back to the this one. Just click on the
log out. Okay.
And then yeah again so you can just sign
in. Click on the sign in and you can and
you can just click on the sign up. Okay.
And then you can just add let's call a
name John Cena and give a similar name.
And you can just click on the continue.
It will verify if you are a human or
not. Okay. And it will make sure it will
give you a success. Okay. And just you
just need to create your one password.
You just click on the continue and it
will give you a six-digit code. So it
will come over here. You just need to
refresh your page. It will give you a
six-digit code and you have your one
another Gmail account that can be used
for another 14 days free trial. Okay. So
it will similar like this one and you
just need to add a uh bank account
details with the stripe account and then
you'll get access to a 14 days free
trial. So another option we have here is
for the students. So come down to the
footer and if you see over here so in
the company you have here a student. So
just click on the student and if you see
over here the tool for the next
generation of the developer and it is
verified student get one year of the
free cursor. Okay. So verify university
student will get a free cursor pro okay
for one year and that is enough for most
of the developer okay so when you click
on the verify status so it will give
login to verify status okay so you would
need aedu university email so if you see
over here when you click on the sign in
okay it will ask you for a Google
account so the Google account will
needed so if you are a college students.
So it will be very much good. So as you
can see over here I have here a um
account that has aedu.np
that is my college account that is my
university account and I'll be using
this for the verifying status. Okay. So
if you see over here the roen I have
here aedu.np
account and when you click on the verify
status so it will now you must use the
account when verifying your student
status. So if you fail to do so, the
discount will not be applied. Okay. So
click onto the verify status. Okay. So
what you'll need to do is just fill up
this form and you'll get unlock a one
year of the free cursor. Okay. So you
cannot just sign up with another account
like this one or another one. Okay. So
you you'll need a account that has a
uhedu. Okay, which will be completely
free. So I hope you you guys understand
what I'm trying to say and how to get a
Corser pro for free and get an unlimited
access. Okay. So thanks for watching
guys. I hope you learned something new